What is the name of Justin Bieber brother ?
What character did Natalie Portman play in Star Wars ?
What state does Selena Gomez ?
What country is the Grand Bahama Island in ?
What kind of money to take to Bahamas ?
What character did John Noble play in lord of the rings ?
Who does Joakim Noah play for ?
Where are the nfl Redskins from ?
Where did Saki live ?
How old is Sacha Baron Cohen ?
What two countries invaded Poland in the beginning of ww2 ?
What Time Zone am i in Cleveland Ohio ?
Who did Draco malloy end up marrying ?
Which countries border the Us ?
Where is Rome Italy located on a map ?
What is Nina Dobrev nationality ?
What country does Iceland belong to ?
Which Kennedy died first ?
What books did Beverly Cleary right ?
Who did the Philippines gain independence from ?
Where to fly into Bali ?
Who is the Prime Minister of Ethiopia ?
What to see near Sedona Arizona ?
What high school did president Bill Clinton attend ?
What form of government does Russia have today ?
What movies does Taylor Lautner play in ?
What year Lebron James came to the nba ?
What did the German Revolution lead to ?
How much did Adriana Lima gain during pregnancy ?
What does thai mean ?
Which wife did King Henry behead ?
Who was ishmael's mom ?
What was Malcolm X trying to accomplish ?
Where are the Netherlands on a world map ?
What is the president of Brazil ?
What are the Major Cities in France ?
What city did Esther live in ?
What sport do the Toronto Maple Leafs play ?
What is Saint Nicholas known for ?
When is the new series of The Only Way Is Essex starting ?
What is cher's son's name ?
What is Martin Cooper doing now ?
What party was Andrew Jackson ?
What Is Medicare a ?
What county is the city of Hampton Va in ?
What is the name of the first Harry Potter novel ?
What did William Shakespeare do for a living ?
What county is Heathrow Airport in ?
Where did Dmitri Mendeleev study science ?
What movie is Josh Hutcherson in ?
What is there to do in Laredo Tx ?
What season did Tony Soprano get shot ?
Where do the San Francisco Giants play home games ?
What year did William Jennings Bryan run for president ?
What was the name of Frederick Douglass book ?
Who was queen victoria's parents called ?
What movies did Sally Field win an oscar for ?
What is the first book Sherlock Holmes appeared in ?
What type of car does Michael Weston drive ?
Where does Lena River begin and end ?
What countries do people speak Portuguese ?
Where to exchange euros in Pittsburgh ?
What are the names of Walt Disney kids ?
Who is in the band Bush ?
What was Tupac name in juice ?
What timezone is Australia gmt ?
Who does Maggie Grace play in Taken ?
What style of music did Louis Armstrong play ?
When is summer in australia Sydney ?
What tv show did Joey Lawrence play on ?
What timezone is Denver Co ?
What character did Brian Austin Green play on 90210 ?
Where does Jackie French live ?
What form of government was practiced in Sparta ?
When did the Colorado Rockies go to the World Series ?
Who was peter parker's first girlfriend ?
What college did Matt Lauer attend ?
Where to go in London England ?
What school did Joan Miro attend ?
Where did France colonise ?
Who was Vincent Van Gogh inspired by ?
Where to get married in Jacksonville Nc ?
What Time Zone am i in Michigan ?
When did the New York Knicks win a championship ?
What is the Official Language of China 2010 ?
What was woodrow wilson's major accomplishments ?
Where is Jack Daniels factory ?
What language do the speak in Pakistan ?
Where is Santa Clara University ?
Which part of Korea is communist ?
Where did Timothy Mcveigh go to prison ?
What sea does the Yangtze River flow into ?
Who Miley Cyrus engaged to ?
What is Charles Darwin famous for ?
Who founded the Roanoke Settlement ?
What kind of money should i take to Jamaica ?
Who is Robert Downey Jr wife ?
Where do the Ny Rangers play ?
Where is Jefferson Davis buried ?
Who does the author Stephenie Meyer play in the Movie Twilight ?
When will Oscar Pistorius compete ?
What years have the Dallas Cowboys won the superbowl ?
What awards has Louis Sachar won ?
Who are the Current Senators from Missouri ?
Who was the president after Jfk died ?
What is the best currency to take to Egypt 2013 ?
What are the countries in the United Kingdom ?
What planes does the Navy have ?
Where did Benjamin Franklin died ?
Where to visit in N . Ireland ?
What to do in Cancun with family ?
What is the local language of Israel ?
What city and state was The Air Force Academy established ?
What'S the national sport of Puerto Rico ?
What religion are people in Russia ?
What did Shawnee Smith play in ?
What countries did Queen Victoria reign over ?
Where did Dr Seuss go to school ?
What team does Luis Suarez play for ?
What are dollars called in Spain ?
Who plays Meg in Family Guy ?
What high school did Tim Allen go to ?
What is the world's tallest building in Dubai called ?
Where does Asiana Airlines fly to ?
What movie did Angelina Jolie direct ?
Where did Martin Luther King got shot ?
Where to visit near Bangkok ?
Who does Christina Milian have a baby by ?
What year did Tut became king ?
Who is the current president of the Dominican Republic in 2010 ?
Who has been married to Julia Roberts ?
Where do Baltimore Ravens play ?
Where does the Un get its funding ?
Who does Brandon Dubinsky play for ?
Who all has dated Taylor Swift ?
What is the dominant language in Israel ?
What are the main languages of Nigeria ?
What jobs did Ben Franklin do ?
What bible does the Catholic church follow ?
Who plays Lola Bunny in the Looney Tunes show ?
What stadium did the Chicago Cardinals play in ?
Who did Rufus Wainwright married ?
Where did C.S. Lewis go to college ?
What did Nick Clegg study at university ?
Who is the president of the European Union 2011 ?
What school did Cassie Bernall go to ?
What movie did James Frey write ?
What did Rob Kardashian get surgery for ?
What did st. Matthew do ?
When does Harry Potter come out on dvd Deathly Hallows 2 ?
What was nelson mandela's religion ?
Who will win the 2011 nhl Stanley Cup ?
What is Henry Clay known for ?
Who did Axl Rose marry ?
What years did Brett Favre go to the Super Bowl ?
What is the money of Spain called ?
Where are Sunbeam microwaves made ?
Who was elected president of the Philippines ?
What cities does Ryanair fly to ?
What Time Zone is Oklahoma state ?
Who was the Apostle Paul considered to be ?
What currency does ontario Canada use ?
What instrument does Justin Bieber ?
What team did Shaq play for first ?
Where was Kennedy when he got shot ?
Who do Derek Fisher play for ?
Where did the Casey Anthony case take place ?
Where did pres Clinton go to college ?
What was the name of the Original Seattle Baseball Team ?
Who was General Cornwallis American Revolution ?
What type of monarchy did England have ?
When were the Texas Rangers started ?
Where did the Houston Oilers Football Team go ?
What do they call Football in spanish ?
Where did Pauley Perrette go to college ?
Where does Niles Crane live ?
Where was Gabriel Faure born ?
Who is the Governor Of Kentucky 2012 ?
Who is the senator of the United States 2010 ?
Where did the massive Allied Invasion of Northern France take place in june 1944 ?
Which countries are part of the United Kingdom ?
What is the postcode for London ?
Who Killed Vincent Chin dvd ?
What other books did Jules Verne wrote ?
What is the currency name of Brazil ?
What language does Fiji ?
What is the second Percy Jackson book called ?
What did Gregor Mendel conducted his experiments on ?
Who did Jon Gosselin cheat with ?
Where is Mitsubishi headquarters ?
Where is Jay Cutler now ?
What are Eu countries ?
What influenced Vincent Van Gogh work ?
What Time Zones are there in the Us ?
What are the 5 biggest cities in the Usa ?
What language do Australian people speak ?
Who did Ben Stiller play in Megamind ?
What countries did Queen Victoria rule ?
Who are betty white's parents ?
Where did Jeff Dunham go to school ?
What college did Kevjumba ?
Who does David James play for 2011 ?
What was the purpose of the 1964 Gulf Of Tonkin Resolution ?
What movies did Diana Ross play in ?
What is the Zip Code for Minneapolis ?
What country is the West Bank located in ?
Who won Golden Boot ?
Where did Jane Mansfield die ?
Where is the Thames River located ?
When did Kings last win Stanley Cup ?
What school did William Shakespeare attend ?
What money do they use in Chile ?
What college did Peyton Manning ?
What are the 2 conferences in the Nfl ?
When did Jennifer Lopez start on in Living Color ?
When is Portland Marathon ?
What character does Ellen play in Finding Nemo ?
When was the last time the Ny Giants were in the Super Bowl ?
What are all the names of Harry potter ?
What does Nick Cannon play in ?
What sort of government does Brazil have ?
Which airport is best to fly into Milan ?
Where did Matthias Schleiden go to school ?
What county is Rihanna from ?
What happened to Daddy Yankee ?
What country is located in the Balkan Peninsula ?
What 6 states border South Dakota ?
What are the main Languages Spoken in Spain ?
What songs did Mozart write ?
What language do they speak in Thai ?
Who is the new senator of Montana ?
Which airport to fly in Rome ?
Where are the ruins of Pompeii ?
What language people speak in Afghanistan ?
What language do people speak in Brazil wikipedia ?
What cities should i visit in California ?
Where was princess Leia raised ?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Steelers Head Coach ?
When does canada's wonderland close ?
When did the Lakers win the championship ?
What year was the great San Francisco Fire ?
What countries share borders with France ?
What did Patrick Swayze sing ?
What style of art is Salvador Dali ?
What city was Leonardo Da Vinci from ?
What did George V die of ?
What are the three major rivers in South America ?
What other discoveries did Isaac Newton discover ?
Who started Pixar ?
Who is Tia and Tamera Mowry parents ?
What Political Party was Lincoln ?
What would have happened if Germany had won ww1 ?
What kind of government is China ?
Where is the nation of Greece located ?
What three countries does Mexico border ?
What year was the New York Blackout ?
Which countries have English as Native Language ?
What position does Rafael Furcal play ?
What are major exports of the Usa ?
What shows did Kellie Martin star in ?
Where did Rihanna grow up ?
Where is Whistler Mountain located ?
What currency do i need in Cuba ?
What country did James Cook come from ?
Who is Julia Roberts married to 2012 ?
What sport does Rebecca Adlington compete in ?
When did the Christchurch Quake happened ?
What other countries does Canada trade with ?
What to see in Singapore at night ?
Who played Mason Capwell ?
What is James Madison most famous for ?
Who did the Maccabees revolted against ?
Where was the Battle Of Antietam creek ?
During what war did Abraham Lincoln serve as president ?
Who are shakespeare's parents names ?
Where is she from Shakira ?
Who plays Captain Kirk in 2009 ?
Who did Hera marry ?
What type of guitar does Kirk Hammett play ?
What language they speak in the Philippines ?
Where is the Kakadu National Park located ?
What to do with kids in Denver today ?
What money does Jamaica use ?
What year did William Mckinley became president ?
What date did Kennedy become president ?
What timezone is Colorado in right now ?
Who owns Aston Martin 2012 ?
What disease has Jack Osbourne got ?
What do the Islamic believe ?
Who will David Beckham play for in 2013 ?
What language they speak in Taiwan ?
Who owns the Toronto Maple Leafs ?
What county is Novato California in ?
What are the Basic Beliefs of Sikhism ?
Where did Hernando Cortez die ?
Who was Liz Taylor married too ?
Where was the ancient region of Mesopotamia ?
Who was real housewives Brandi married to ?
When did the Charlotte Bobcats first play in the nba ?
What'S the book Hitler wrote in prison ?
Where is the Ottoman Empire located ?
Which city held the Summer Olympics twice ?
Who are the Green Bay Packers owned by ?
What inspired Langston Hughes to write poetry ?
What languages are there in Switzerland ?
When was the last time the Orioles had a Winning Season ?
What does Australia export ?
Where did Henry Knox die ?
Who was the queen of the Iceni Tribe ?
What is the name of the first prophet of Islam ?
Who is married to Garry Trudeau ?
Where does Norway get their oil ?
What language do they speak in Northern Ireland ?
What countries make up Continental Europe ?
What do Abrahamic religions have in common ?
What did Johnny Crawford sing ?
What did Abraham Lincoln do before he was president ?
What sport does Sally Pearson compete in ?
Where is Atlanta Texas located ?
Who did Elton John marry first ?
Where is Tom Cruise from ?
What movies did Madonna appear in ?
Where does Leland Chapman live now ?
Where was the Roman Colosseum located ?
What date was Abraham Lincoln inaugurated ?
What invention did Henry Ford invent ?
What Time Zone is New York under ?
When did Mayans predict end of the world ?
What is the name of the book Hitler wrote while in prison ?
Who voiced Meg in the pilot ?
What Albert Einstein do for math ?
Where did Bashar Al Assad study ?
Who plays Lois Lane in Superman Returns ?
What did Joseph Lister do for science ?
Who is the voice of Stewie Griffin from Family Guy ?
Who uses New King James Bible ?
What films did Charlie Chaplin direct ?
Who does Lea Michele dating in Real Life ?
When did Joe Walsh leave the eagles ?
When was the musical Annie written ?
What should you see in London ?
Who does Billy Beane work for now ?
What subatomic particles did Jj Thomson discover ?
What films have Taylor Lautner been in ?
Who were anakin skywalker's parents ?
What country is the name natalie from ?
Who played the voice of Aladdin ?
What exactly did Dale Earnhardt die from ?
What year did Miami Heat win the championship ?
What kind of government did Benito Mussolini have ?
Who was emperor Diocletian ?
Who is Chelsea Kane ?
Who is Darwin and what is his theory ?
What did Obama study in school ?
Where did Deion Sanders play baseball ?
Who is the new Governor Of Oregon ?
What continent is South Africa part of ?
Who was michael jackson's best friend ?
What movies has Taylor Lautner been in 2011 ?
Where does the Australian Prime Minister reside ?
What did Kate Winslet get an oscar for ?
What company did Henry Ford work for ?
What happened to thomas cromwell's children ?
Where Indian Ocean is located ?
What year was the Navy Chief established ?
What year did the Orioles win 100 games ?
Who was mary's mother ?
Where is American Express located ?
What is the China money called ?
What is the government of Spain today ?
Where is the Howard University located ?
Where did Terrell Owens get traded to ?
What do Catholics call their god ?
What is the capital of Alaska state ?
What was the Soviet Union ?
What college did Jeff Corwin go to ?
Who speaks Farsi ?
Who was Neptune discovered by ?
Who were the major trade partners of Russia ?
What did Corey Haim really die of ?
Where did Pavlova originate ?
Where did Nathaniel Hawthorne die ?
Where did Jack Johnson go to high school ?
Who played Maxie Jones on General Hospital ?
What Military School did Poe attend ?
What are Buddhist gods ?
Who influenced Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart ?
When was the last Dallas Cowboys Super Bowl win ?
What language do they speak in Iceland wikipedia ?
When was blessed Kateri born ?
When did the Bali Bombings occur ?
What is the political system in South Africa ?
What is the currency in Croatia 2012 ?
Where did Joe Montana go to high school ?
What cases does the Supreme Court have original jurisdiction over ?
Where is the nation of Palestine ?
What are the greek Titans ?
What countries speak English primarily ?
What states does the Missouri River touch ?
What is in Liverpool england ?
What state is Harvard College located ?
Where was Leonardo Da Vinci when he died ?
What money do Japanese use ?
What is the Time Zone in Oklahoma City ?
What killed Whitney Houston ?
What kind of government did the Mali empire have ?
What is the religion of Israel people ?
What is Mount St Helens ?
What airport is closest to sandals grande in St Lucia ?
Which country is north of the Usa ?
Where does Drew Gordon play ?
Who was the first Russian president ?
What language does people in Netherlands speak ?
What type of language does China speak ?
What countries around the world speak French ?
Who is Esther Hicks ?
What does Michael Vick do ?
In which province is Johannesburg ?
Where was John Lennon standing when he was shot ?
What time do Atlantic City Bars Close ?
What state did Al Gore represent ?
Who voiced Darth Vader in Revenge Of The Sith ?
What type of art is Henri Matisse famous for ?
What to do in Laughlin Nevada ?
Who plays princess Padme in Star Wars ?
Where to ski in Andorra reviews ?
Who was Louis Riel ?
What are the four nations of the Uk ?
Who was Judy Garland married to ?
Where is Abraham Lincoln hometown ?
What disease did Helen Keller ?
What is the name of money in Brazil ?
What year did Lakers win championship ?
What did Coolidge believe with regards to the role of government ?
What is the Atlanta Braves mascot ?
What type of government did england have during the Glorious Revolution ?
Who played Dumbledore in the First Movie ?
Where was Greenpeace an International Environmental organization founded ?
What does roger that mean ?
What is the center of London called ?
What was the first name of the Washington Redskins ?
What sports do they do in Canada ?
Who was the first leader of the Afl ?
Who is the Arizona Cardinals Football Coach ?
When did Tamu admit women ?
Where was the battle of Waterloo held ?
What was Marilyn Monroe known for ?
What has Barack Obama done wrong ?
Which is faster amd Dual Core or Intel Dual Core ?
Where did Lee Corso go to college ?
Who are the Colorado Eagles ?
What Time Period did Jesus live in ?
Where does lala Anthony live ?
What currency do they accept in Kenya ?
What river did Henry Hudson sail up ?
What currency is used in Switzerland 2012 ?
What do they speak in Iran ?
Who did Ayrton Senna drive for ?
What happened to Madonna childhood home ?
Where is the best place to vacation in the Dominican Republic ?
What made Ancient Rome fall ?
Where was Brad Pitt born ?
What position does Vernon Davis play ?
Where is the Euro 2012 tournament ?
What time is right now in Texas ?
What to see and do in Malta ?
Where did Dolly Parton grew up ?
What state is Rick Santorum from ?
What countries does Queen Elizabeth Ii reign ?
When did the Aurora Colorado shooting take place ?
What is Jonas Brothers names ?
What Art Movements was Henri Matisse involved in ?
What are some famous Tourist Attractions in Germany ?
Who'S Kobe Bryant ?
What type of government system does Saudi Arabia have ?
What countries did Czechoslovakia become ?
What songs did Richard Marx write ?
What did Ryan Dunn died from ?
What war was George Washington associated with ?
Where was Zachary Taylor elected from ?
Who does Kris Humphries play for in the nba ?
Where Tupac grew up ?
Where did Al Capone go to jail ?
What type of music did Richard Wagner play ?
What do you call money in Brazil ?
What team did Tim Tebow play for in college ?
What airport in Paris ?
What nationality was Andy Williams ?
Where did Matthew Brady live ?
What ball does Rickie Fowler play ?
Who are the Broncos players ?
Where do most of the people live in Japan ?
In what country do they speak Basque ?
Where is Belgium at ?
What religions are in Russia ?
What government system does North Korea have ?
What did Einstein do ?
In what country is Amsterdam ?
What are the most common religions in the United States ?
What did Martin Luther King Jr go to college for ?
Where did Sir Ernest Shackleton come from ?
What made Jimi Hendrix great ?
Who did Aaron Rodgers play College Football 4 ?
Who plays Nathan Scott ?
When did the Houston Rockets win the championship ?
Where is Mount Whitney ?
Who created the character of Romeo ?
What are some places to visit in New York ?
What are the countries and capitals of Central America ?
Where is Puntland somalia ?
What animal is on the Western Australian Flag ?
Where did Drew Stanton play in college ?
What is Kareem Abdul Jabbar real name ?
What countries fall in Eastern Europe ?
What are taylor swift's albums ?
Who is the Prime Minister of Ethiopia now ?
When was Mary Poppins made ?
What did king Edward Vi died from ?
What did Robert Boyle accomplish ?
Who did Johnny Bench play for ?
Who does the Islamic worship ?
Where is Napoleon buried ?
What language do people speak in Iceland ?
Who sang at the Mtv Movie Awards 2011 ?
Where do Houston Aeros play ?
What is the New York Knicks Starting Lineup ?
What to see and do in Galway ireland ?
What year did Brandon Roy get drafted ?
What are the names of Michael Jackson children ?
What is pennsylvania's state flower called ?
What book did Niccolo Machiavelli write ?
What religions are found in Australia ?
What college did Drew Bledsoe ?
Where is the Mtv headquarters ?
Who does Michael Vick play for ?
What is Guatemala current system of government ?
What is Anderson Silva trained in ?
What caused the Asian Currency Crisis ?
Which countries does Russia border ?
What season did Brooke Burke won ?
What does Pixar produce ?
What did Emily Dickinson die of ?
Who was king or queen after James I ?
Who played Lois Lane in superman 1 ?
What was elie wiesel's father's name ?
Where is St Vincent De Paul buried ?
What language do Fiji people speak ?
What Victoria Beckham kids names ?
Where is New York in the map ?
Where did france surrender Ww2 ?
What did Jimmy Valvano die with ?
What teams did Charles Barkley ?
When was Bill Clinton elected president ?
Where did Giovanni Pierluigi Da Palestrina live ?
When was the 2012 Calgary Stampede ?
When Michael Jordan got drafted ?
What kind of money do the Philippines use ?
Who played Dorothy in the Wizard Of Oz Movie ?
Who does Marion Barber Play 4 ?
What college did James Franco go to ?
How many teams are there in the Ncaa football ?
Who is garrett Pretty Little Liars ?
What type of currency should i take to Mexico ?
What did Lucille Ball die of ?
What religion was John F Kennedy ?
Where was the Earthquake In Chile 2010 ?
What style of art does Andy Warhol do ?
What movies did Ron Howard do ?
What county is Charlotte North Carolina ?
What type of government and economic system does the United States have ?
Who is Michelle Obama ?
Where did Kate Middleton go to Prep School ?
What type of government does Nigeria have today ?
What did Hans Oersted discovered in 1819 ?
What is the very first Harry potter book ?
What Kourtney Kardashian name her daughter ?
When did the Lions last win a thanksgiving game ?
What kind of government does Chile have today ?
Where did Richard Arkwright die ?
Who played Luke Skywalker in Star Wars Episode 4 ?
What movies has Taylor Lautner ?
Where does Sam Bradford play ?
Where did Vietnam originate ?
What was the first newspaper called in Australia ?
Where was Hackney 2012 held ?
Where does the St Louis Rams play football ?
What year did Scottie Pippen come into the nba ?
Where are you if you re in Zagreb ?
Which country has won the Cricket World Cup the most times ?
What city was Selena Gomez born in ?
Who does Dominic Monaghan play in Lord Of The Rings ?
Which country does South Africa Border 2 the north ?
Who sang for Pink Floyd ?
Who played John Connor friend in Terminator 2 ?
What is the Current Time in nigeria Lagos ?
What shows did Henry Winkler produce ?
What state was Texaco gas founded ?
What is the Official Language of China and 3 other dialects ?
Who is the senator of Connecticut 2010 ?
When was the last time the Dallas Cowboys went to the Super Bowl ?
What episode does Rukia fade away ?
What is Brazil Time Zone ?
Who wrote John 3 16 in the bible ?
What do people in the Czech Republic speak ?
Where did Bruno Mars get his start ?
Who was Tex Beneke ?
What are all the things Thomas Edison invented ?
What does Albania speak ?
What is shakira's nationality ?
Where did the Sultan Of The Ottoman Empire live ?
Who is playing Bilbo Baggins ?
What position did George Washington serve in the Constitutional Convention ?
Where is the 2012 Ncaa Basketball Tournament ?
What episode did kate leave Ncis ?
Where are the Seneca Indians now ?
What did Farrah dad do ?
Where did Matt Barnes play ?
Where does the Jordan River begin ?
What college did Lil Wayne graduated from ?
Where did Rihanna come from ?
Who does Kurt Busch drive for now ?
What years did the Knicks win the championship ?
What is the Time Zone in Uk now ?
What does Dustin Diamond do now ?
What state did Thomas Jefferson live in ?
Where are Google Headquarters located ?
Who is Princess Leia ?
What was Richard Wright known for ?
Where is the Nascar Hall Of Fame ?
What do Australia call their money ?
What was the name of Wright Brothers plane ?
Where is located University Of Leeds ?
Who is Gilbert Gottfried snl ?
What language do they Denmark ?
What did Martin Luther do ?
What team did Grover Cleveland Alexander play for ?
What was Eli Whitney nationality ?
What was Christiaan Barnard famous for ?
Where was Dwight D. Eisenhower from ?
Where do Audi come from ?
What team is Chris Paul on ?
What to do Washington Dc december ?
What language is spoken in Singapore ?
Who is Sanjay Gupta married too ?
What do Singapore speak ?
What movies did Luke Perry play in ?
Who wrote the Book Of St. John ?
Who is Kobe Bryant dad ?
What continent does Israel belong to ?
What is the Capital City of Albania ?
Where is thomas jefferson's home ?
What is Wentworth Miller in ?
What is the capital of Spain in 2010 ?
Who killed Harvey Milk ?
What was the title of the first book Dr. Seuss wrote ?
Who owns Nissan Car Manufacturer ?
Where is the University Of West Alabama located ?
What did Kenny Everett die off ?
What main language do they speak in Brazil ?
Where does Joey King live ?
What happened to Justin Bieber 2012 ?
How many Australian States and territories ?
What was Manchester United first name ?
Who is the Governor Of Hawaii now ?
When did Herbert Hoover become president ?
Where did Elvis Presley started his career ?
What happened Vince Mcmahon ?
What jobs did Harriet Tubman have ?
Where does Unesco operate ?
What does Canada grow for food ?
Where in the bible does it talk about David ?
What does Amanda Seyfried play in ?
What language do people speak in Iran ?
What is the jurisdiction of the Us Supreme Court ?
What voice does Hank Azaria do on The Simpsons ?
Who is the leader of Japan ?
What Time Zone is the Uk in right now ?
What instrument does Bela Fleck play ?
What position does Ray Allen ?
What branch is made up of the House Of Representatives ?
Where did Kurds originate from ?
Where did Chancellorsville battle take place ?
What year was the Cubs last world series ?
Who is playing hawkeye in the Avengers movie ?
What country speak English as Native Language ?
Who was king or queen after Victoria ?
What movie did Rihanna play in ?
When was the last time the Oakland Raiders were in the Super Bowl ?
What religion was Mary Todd Lincoln ?
Who is the House Of Representatives made up of ?
Who all has Jason Kidd played for ?
Where is headquarters of Verizon ?
Where is the Country Of Cyprus located ?
Who invented Dell Computer ?
Where did Morgan Freeman come from ?
Where did Bob Barker grow up ?
What are King Charles Spaniels ?
When was the Chinese Flag designed ?
Where did Boston Terriers come from ?
What makes Einstein smart ?
Who played juni in Spy Kids 4 ?
What year did the New York Mets start ?
Where did Neil Gaiman grow up ?
What books did Aristotle wrote ?
Where is Eu headquarters located ?
Who runs the Cornelia Marie now ?
Where did John Muir die ?
Where was Selena Gomez raised ?
What countries are in the Andean region ?
Who created english Alphabet ?
When was the last time the San Francisco Giants won a world series ?
What airport do you fly into for Destin ?
Who played violet's mother in Charlie And The Chocolate Factory ?
What country was George Washington from ?
What year did Pete Rose play ?
Where does Kyla Ross live ?
When did Allen Iverson get drafted ?
What does Jackson Browne sing ?
Who plays ferris bueller's best friend ?
What has Anna Kendrick been in ?
What are the major imports of the United States ?
What are the Team Colors for the Pittsburgh Steelers ?
What is the current government system in France ?
What did Roy Rogers die of ?
What is Calabria italy ?
What did the New Orleans Hornets used to be ?
What are the major religions practiced in Israel ?
What does Jamaica manufacturer ?
What years did Andrew Jackson run for president ?
What 4 Countries make up Great Britain ?
Where did Madoff live in nyc ?
How many languages are there in the Philippines ?
What song is Monifah famous for ?
Who did Heinrich Himmler marry ?
Who carries Sherwin Williams paint ?
Who was Josh Groban in crazy Stupid Love ?
Where is the Columbia University located ?
What team does Kris Humphries play for in 2011 ?
What did the scientist Thomson discover ?
Where did John Boehner come from ?
Where did Martin Luther King junior go to college ?
Who was Carrie Underwood in Soul Surfer ?
Who plays Lois Griffin in Family Guy ?
What did Julian Fellowes write ?
Where does Selena Gomez live map ?
Who does the Islam worship ?
Who was married to Lance Armstrong ?
What is Venus named for ?
Who did John Fox coach for ?
Where are the nuclear plants in Uk ?
What years have the Dodgers won the world series ?
What did Farrah have surgery for ?
Who was the leader of the Soviet Union in 1945 ?
Who does John Beck play for ?
What god do Catholics believe in ?
What movies have Kenya Moore produced ?
Where did Robbie Hummel go to high school ?
What year did the Cleveland Indians go to the world series ?
Who owns the Cleveland Browns ?
What language do Jewish speak ?
What legal system does Germany use ?
Who does Danneel Harris play on one Tree Hill ?
What inspired Michelangelo ?
What battle did germany surrender in Ww2 ?
Who was the Colts coach in 2011 ?
What airport is closer to downtown Houston ?
Where does Liz Mcclarnon live ?
What city is fc Schalke 04 in ?
What system of government is used in South Korea ?
Where did Giovanni Da Verrazano come from ?
What airport is close to Daytona Beach Florida ?
What was Omar Epps first movie ?
Who did the Baltimore Ravens draft in 2011 ?
Who won the governor election in Puerto Rico ?
Where did William Shakespeare perform most of his plays ?
What group is Aubrey O'Day in ?
What college did Joe Namath go to ?
What Wild Animals live in Colorado ?
Where is Eu Parliament ?
When does summer start in New England ?
Who invented Arabic Alphabet ?
Where was president Lyndon Johnson from ?
What did Wagner compose ?
What language did Jewish people speak ?
Who does Michael Oher play for in 2009 ?
What years did Barry Bonds play ?
Who played Emma Frost ?
What does The Mayan Calendar say about 2012 ?
What clubs has Peter Crouch played for ?
Who plays the brother in Hannah Montana ?
What team does Lamar Odom play for 2011 ?
What highschool did Tom Brady go to ?
Who owns Skywest ?
Who did Michael Jordan marry ?
Where is the Syracuse University ?
What has Mario Lopez been in ?
Where do Logan Browning live ?
When did Mcdonalds officially open ?
What team does Terrell Owens play for this year ?
What to do with kids in Halifax ?
Where is Lake Waynoka Ohio ?
Who did Jeremy Lin sign with ?
Who will sponsor Kevin Harvick in 2011 ?
Where Adidas originate ?
Who played Emperor Palpatine ?
What is 2pm est in Philippines ?
Where are the Pyramids Of Giza located ?
When does Sally Pearson race tonight ?
Who were demeter's brothers and sisters ?
What instrument was Louis Armstrong famous for ?
What date did the San Francisco Giants win the world series ?
What province is canada's capital located in ?
On which continent is the Usa located ?
Where is Singapore on a world map ?
What to see in London in june 2012 ?
What is the main language of Israel ?
What college did Kerry Collins ?
What did Bob Ross die of ?
Who was King Hussein ?
Where did Martin Luther live in ?
Where is made Kia car ?
What are all the songs Nicki Minaj is in ?
What groups was Hitler involved in ?
What college did Magic Johnson go to ?
What kind of language do they speak in Greece ?
What to see in Chicago downtown ?
What kind of money does the Philippines use ?
What did George Eastman make ?
What movies has Billy Burke been in ?
Who was Rudolf Virchow ?
Who were Ulysses S Grant and robert e lee ?
What is the last movie Brittany Murphy made ?
With which countries does South Africa trade ?
What kind of language do they speak in China ?
What office does Hillary Clinton hold ?
Where does Portuguese Language come from ?
What are the major religions in Uk ?
Where did Jennifer Hudson go to school ?
What type of guitar does John Mayer play ?
When did Toronto Blue Jays become a team ?
What is the Zip Code for Moorpark Ca ?
What continent is the Usa located in ?
What is the currency of Spain called ?
Which country is to the north of the United States Of America ?
What 3 states border the Pacific Ocean ?
What did Mozart do to become famous ?
Where was Avril Lavigne born ?
What are the 3 official languages of Spain ?
What type of government does Australia currently have ?
Which countries do Germany border ?
What county is Tampa located in ?
Who has coached the Minnesota Vikings ?
What movies have Queen Latifah played in ?
What is the short name for Stephanie ?
Where are they now Jessica Mcclure ?
What year did Tim Duncan enter the nba ?
Who played Alf on the tv show ?
Who was the Vice President when Bill Clinton was in office ?
Which countries does South Africa export to ?
What to do in downtown Waukesha ?
What other cars does Gm make ?
Who did George Lucas get engaged to ?
What movies does Leo Howard play in ?
What instruments does John Williams use ?
Who does Messi play with ?
What is the language spoken in Brazil ?
Who was johnny cash's first wife ?
Where do Tasmanian Devils live ?
What a city in Montana ?
What timezone is Toronto canada ?
What was the Milwaukee Brewers old name ?
What type of political system does Russia have ?
What is the political system in Egypt ?
What airport is in Kauai Hawaii ?
What is Kevin Durant play style ?
Where are Vw Cc made ?
What team Chris Paul play for ?
What currency should i take to Jamaica ?
What is Illinois state bird ?
What places can you visit in France ?
What did Richard Nixon do for a living before he became president ?
What three continents touch the Atlantic Ocean ?
What language do u speak in Egypt ?
What teams has Lionel Messi played for ?
What countries in North America Continent ?
What Time Zone is Colorado Springs Co ?
What school did Sergio Romo go to ?
Who did Adam Sandler married ?
When did the name jehovah first appear ?
Who play Luke Skywalker ?
What is the best island to visit in Greece ?
Where did John Howard live ?
What music did Beethoven composed ?
What does the name Rome mean ?
What inspired Scott Fitzgerald ?
What did George Steinbrenner do ?
Who was Hadrian and what did he do ?
What influenced Langston Hughes to write ?
Where did Pablo Picasso die ?
What to do in Seattle during the summer ?
Where did Henry Hudson travel ?
Who was Judy Collins married to ?
When was the last time the Toronto Maple Leafs make the Playoffs ?
What do they speak in Cambodia ?
What kind of insurance does Geico offer ?
Who is the Prime Minister of New Zealand now ?
What time is Nebraska now ?
What did Nick Carter sister died of ?
Who is James Dean ?
Where did Bob Dylan live ?
Who do Roman Catholics give authority to ?
Where did pres. Obama go to school ?
Who is Nina Dobrev playing in Perks Of Being A Wallflower ?
When did Moscow burn ?
What is there to see in Barcelona ?
Who is Larry Ellison oracle ?
What is the Zip Code for Fort Stockton Texas ?
What teams drafted the Morris Twins ?
What state does Obama come from ?
Who does Tim Howard play for club ?
What did Egyptians speak ?
What is vanderbilt's mascot ?
What did Whitney Houston die off ?
When was george w bush Sworn In ?
What Middle School did Barack Obama attend ?
What are the airports in Chicago ?
What was Van Gogh famous for ?
Where did Jane Goodall go to school ?
Who won 2012 Presidential Election In France ?
What does Donald Trump own ?
What did Thomson discover with his Cathode Ray Tube experiment ?
Where did Emily Murphy go to school ?
What are the major religions in Russia ?
What do most Nigerians speak ?
Who was the general for the british in the Revolutionary War ?
What to do at Fairfield Ca ?
Where President Nixon was born ?
What currency does Thailand accept ?
What else did Eli Whitney invent ?
Who founded Collegehumor ?
Where did Barack Obama attend school ?
What jobs did Albert Einstein have ?
Where to travel around Sydney ?
What are the names of Michael Jackson movies ?
What are the islands of Oceania ?
What timezone is Illinois on ?
What is the currency in France ?
Where is the Head Office of Hsbc Bank ?
What is the currency in England 2012 ?
Where was Martin Cooper from ?
Where is Spain exactly located ?
What is the currency name of China ?
What movies did Charlie Hunnam play in ?
What kind of government does Italy have ?
What medium is The School Of Athens ?
What year Michael Jordan came in the nba ?
What year did Florida Marlins win the world series ?
What movie did Marlee Matlin won an Academy Award for ?
Who is Leann Rimes with now ?
Who is the Current Leader of China today ?
Where North Dakota located ?
What countries did Queen Elizabeth Ii rule ?
Who played Forrest Gump as a kid ?
Where was the Battle Of Vicksburg held ?
What kind of artist is Henri Matisse ?
What are the Duggars kids names and ages ?
Where does Ben Stiller live in ny ?
What is the Official Language in Mexico ?
What wars did Ulysses S Grant served in ?
Who is the Head Coach of the Tennessee Titans ?
What type of government does Fiji have ?
In what state did the bloody Battle Of Antietam take place ?
Where did Vietnamese People originate from ?
Who was Dan Cody ?
What language do people speak in Turkey ?
What are all the inventions Benjamin Franklin made ?
What was wrong with Joan Crawford ?
Who does Debbie Dingle go out with ?
What country was Anton Van Leeuwenhoek from ?
What is the time in france if it is 8am in Scotland ?
Who played Todd Manning on One Life To Live ?
What does Latin America consist of ?
Who is the manager of the St Louis Cardinals ?
Where in oregon was Stand By Me filmed ?
What country Vasco Da Gama sail for ?
What did writers of the Harlem Renaissance write about ?
What is the language they speak in Jamaica ?
Where to live in Duluth Ga ?
What is the currency in Australia 2011 ?
Where did prophet Daniel died ?
What state was Theodore Roosevelt from ?
What does the term Prima Donna mean ?
What form of government does Brazil have ?
Where did Lebron James go to highschool ?
Where was Toussaint L'Ouverture from ?
Where do the fla Marlins play ?
What type of art does Wassily Kandinsky do ?
Who won London Mayoral elections 2012 ?
Who was Arthur Miller father ?
What influenced William Morris to be an artist ?
Where do the Abenaki Indians live ?
What Super Bowls have the Giants won ?
Where was Rod Stewart born ?
What did Jack Kevorkian go to prison for ?
Which country uses Euro as its main currency ?
Who is ruling Tunisia now ?
Who played Eowyn in the lord of the rings movies ?
Where is the Parliament in South Africa ?
What important office did Abraham Lincoln hold ?
Which country has adopted the Euro as its currency ( 1 point ) ?
Where did Michael Jordan play high school basketball ?
What type of cancer did Huell Howser die of ?
What timezone is Minneapolis in ?
Who is Aidan Davis ?
Who is Samantha Gibb ?
What was Nicolaus Copernicus occupation ?
What did Richard Arkwright contribute to the Industrial Revolution ?
What kind of currency does Greece have ?
When did Manchester United first win a trophy ?
Where is the Mozambique located ?
Where is Isthmus Of Panama located ?
What to see in Washington Dc in 2 Days ?
Where is Azerbaijan ?
What is the money of Argentina called ?
What college did Matt Schaub play for ?
What did Bella Abzug do ?
What sights to see in Madrid ?
What good things has Angelina Jolie done ?
What films has Gerard Butler starred in ?
What films did Hans Zimmer wrote music for ?
Where was Alice Paul born ?
What did John Quincy Adams died of ?
What is means testing medicare ?
Who did Juan Ponce De Leon mary ?
What Time Zone in the Uk ?
What is the political system in Italy ?
Who is the leader of France 2012 ?
Who is raquel welch's daughter ?
What kind of art did Leonardo Da Vinci produce ?
What does the Zambezi River flow into ?
What states does the Connecticut River flow through ?
What money is used in the Maldives ?
What is Anderson Cooper ?
Where does Mike Leach coach ?
What is the Zip Code of New York City ?
What condition does Michael J Fox have ?
Where did Jrr Tolkien live ?
What are the major languages of Italy ?
What to do in Panama City Beach Fl ?
What is currency in Dominican Republic ?
Where is San Miguel Mexico on map ?
Where does the Tsunami happened in japan ?
Where are the Great Pyramid Of Giza located ?
What was liam neeson's character in Star Wars ?
Who plays the voice of Lois Griffin ?
What team does Sergio Aguero play for ?
What is the capital of Georgia ?
When did they stop making Ford Rangers ?
What color is Miley Cyrus Red Hair ?
Who is the present Chief Justice of the u.s. Supreme Court ?
Who is Susan St James ?
What is chris paul's son name ?
What did Einstein invent ?
Who does Josh Hutcherson play in The Hunger Games ?
Where to eat in Miami Florida ?
What is the state flag of Colorado called ?
Who plays claire in Lost ?
Who are senators from New Jersey ?
Who does Jamie Campbell Bower play in Breaking Dawn ?
What language do Denmark ?
Where Marie Curie come from ?
Who is facebook's founder ?
What kind of money do you use in Aruba ?
What language do people speak in Costa Rica ?
What kind of music does John Mayer play ?
What is Lil Wayne real name ?
What is the political system of the Us ?
What religions are practiced in Afghanistan ?
Where is The World Series 2012 being played ?
What kind of language do Irish speak ?
What cancer did Audrey Hepburn died of ?
Where does Allen Iverson live now ?
Where was Dwight Howard born ?
Where do Guyanese people live ?
What timezone is texas San Antonio in ?
Where is Alexandria located ?
Who was the Fascist Dictator of Germany ?
What is Australian currency ?
What did Michelle Obama do ?
What team does Chris Humphrey play for ?
Where do most Chinese live ?
When did the Raiders win the superbowl ?
Where is the Euro used ?
How rich is the Roman Catholic church ?
What year is it going to be on The Jewish Calendar ?
Where did Pixie Lott go to school ?
What date did we Invade Iraq ?
What is the New Orleans Hornets new name ?
What did Darry look like ?
Who is Hugh Hefner dating now in 2012 ?
What do the Buddha believe in ?
When did Braves win the world series ?
What is the name of walt disney's son ?
What are some sights to see in Rome ?
Where is Jack Daniels Tennessee Whiskey made ?
What is the battle of Antietam ?
What Time Zone is it in London england ?
Who was governor of Texas in 2003 ?
What is Yale University mascot ?
What is the currency used in Tunisia ?
What language group does Polish belong to ?
What is the name of the New Orleans Saints Football Stadium ?
What are five countries that border France ?
Where was Hockey World Cup 2010 held ?
Where did kaiser Wilhelm fled to ?
When did Yuvraj made his odi debut ?
What type of music was Scott Joplin noted for ?
Where did Sergio Romo go to college ?
What happened to Peter Parker 'S Uncle ?
Where is Adam Smith from ?
Who became president after Harding died ?
In what city did Machiavelli live ?
What illnesses did George Washington have ?
Where is North Port Florida located ?
Who is Jennifer Lawrence boyfriend 2012 ?
Who was the voice of Kitt ?
Who is the Speaker Of The House Of Representatives currently ?
When did Sean Murray first appear on ncis ?
Who is Abraham Maslow ?
Where did the Cuban Missile Crisis happen ?
What is Benedict Arnold famous for ?
Where is the original Mona Lisa ?
What is Jill Wagner on wipeout ?
What type of language does Peru speak ?
Where is Port Lavaca Tx ?
Which team does Ronaldinho play for 2013 ?
What kind of books does Nicholas Sparks wrote ?
What happened to the people in Chernobyl ?
What countries has Spanish as their Official Language ?
Who was the communist dictator of North Korea ?
Who was the leader of Germany in wwii ?
What business does Raj Kundra do ?
What movies is Molly Ringwald in ?
What is the Time Zone in California called ?
What team does Drogba play for 2013 ?
What did Michael Faraday accomplish ?
What was the name of the newspaper where Hemingway wrote ?
Who will Alex Smith play for in 2011 ?
What is the Northeast Of The United States ?
What does the dutch word boer mean ?
What currency does Brazil use ?
What timezone does Sweden have ?
Who played lois en Superman ?
Where does the Zambezi River end ?
What did Mister Rogers do before tv ?
What is the money currency in Switzerland ?
What state did George Washington live in ?
Where is Mount Vernon Virginia ?
Where is Kia car from ?
Where did Noah live before the flood ?
When did George W Bush take office ?
Where do the Kansas City Chiefs play ?
What countries does the Mississippi River run through ?
In what Modern Country is the Yucatan Peninsula located ?
What does Starbucks sell ?
Who is Lincoln Steffens ?
What type of political system does Iran have ?
Who does the voice of lois in Family Guy ?
What are all the movies Channing Tatum has been in ?
Where is the Country Of Panama located ?
What state did Woodrow Wilson represent ?
What hardships did Teddy Roosevelt overcome ?
Where is University Of Alabama located ?
Who was Arthur Miller influenced by ?
Which countries use Euro money ?
Where Is El Salvador located ?
What year was Kevin Durant drafted ?
What illnesses did George Washington suffer from ?
What are some places to visit in Barcelona ?
What happened to Nina Simone ?
Where is Wellsville Missouri ?
Who played Princess Leia from Star Wars ?
Who is the current queen of Australia ?
Where did Galileo go to school ?
Who all was Richard Burton married to ?
Who did David Villa play for ?
What did Copernicus invented ?
What'S Jamaica Country Code ?
Where Robert Frost went to school ?
Who should play Harley Quinn ?
What currency should i take to Dubai ?
What county is Plainfield il in ?
What country is the Mekong River located in ?
Who founded the Sisters Of Saint Joseph ?
Who shot and killed President John F Kennedy ?
What is there to do in Gatlinburg in december ?
Where does the English Football Team train ?
Who did Anne Frank wrote Her Diary to ?
Who is Tony Romo engaged to ?
What do people in South Africa speak ?
Where Great Britain located ?
What state was Hillary Clinton a senator for ?
What market does Starbucks operate in ?
What country does Nike operate in ?
What cities are in Oakland County Michigan ?
What characters does Trey Parker voice ?
Where will Euro 2012 be ?
Who the voice of Lois Griffin ?
When did the 7Th Harry Potter Book come out ?
What is the parliament of Canada called ?
Where is South Carolina located ?
Who are paul revere's parents ?
What political system does Russia use ?
What are american Staffordshire terriers ?
Who is the current coach of the Chicago Bulls ?
What language is mainly spoken in England ?
What awards has Morgan Freeman won ?
Who will Michael Schumacher drive for in 2013 ?
What kind of government does the United States have today ?
Who were michael jackson's brothers and sisters ?
When is the last time the Chicago Bulls won a championship ?
What is the Braves mascot ?
Where to stay in Paris France ?
What teams did George Steinbrenner own ?
Who does Christopher Walken play in Batman Returns ?
What to see and do in Revelstoke ?
What land did god give to Israel ?
What guitar did Andres Segovia use ?
What style of art did Vincent Van Gogh do ?
What was Nicolaus Copernicus discovery ?
Where did the Tutsi come from ?
What country did Osama Bin Laden live in ?
Where was the Roman Empire centered ?
Who played Samuel Sullivan in Heroes ?
Which ocean does the Murray River flow into ?
What Time Zone is Cincinnati oh in ?
Who was Jacob Riis and why was he important ?
Where does Peter King live ?
What are West African countries ?
Who became president when Jfk was killed ?
Where is Mallorca ?
Where are the mines in Victoria ?
What years have the Cubs been in the world series ?
What Car Companies does Ford Motor Company own ?
What did god say to Abraham about circumcision ?
What type of government does the Bahamas ?
What style of music did Jimi Hendrix play ?
What character does Mila Kunis play on Family Guy ?
Who played Anakin Skywalker in Phantom Menace ?
What language do the people in Ghana speak ?
Where is Luke Afb arizona ?
What language people speak in Belgium ?
Where was the Battle Of Vicksburg located ?
Where is the Cruise Ship terminal in Vancouver Bc ?
Where was the Gallipoli campaign waged ?
What was lincoln's wife's name ?
What does the Japanese call their country ?
What did King George Vi die of ?
What type of currency is used in the United Kingdom ?
Where did Brad Paisley graduate from college ?
What city was Robert Kennedy killed in ?
When are school holidays in Queensland 2013 ?
Who plays the new Michael Myers ?
Who was killed first Tupac or biggie ?
What kind of currency to bring to Mexico ?
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2007 ?
What Theme Songs did Alan Thicke wrote ?
What films did Patrick Swayze star in ?
Where is Sony headquarters ?
Who is Liz Lemon getting married to ?
Who plays sarah wittle in Jumanji ?
What type of music is Tchaikovsky ?
When is Wimbledon Tennis Tournament ?
What year did Ted Kennedy run for president ?
Where did Helen Keller go to school ?
What shows are on in London at the moment ?
Where is German an Official Language ?
What language do you speak in Iran ?
Who did Tupac Shakur date ?
Who does Paul Bettany play in the Avengers ?
What is the closest airport to Naples florida ?
What did Larry Hagman die of ?
Who is the governor of Colorado 2009 ?
What timezone is Michigan usa ?
What blood disease does Robin Roberts have ?
Who seized power in Italy in 1922 ?
What show is Jill Wagner on ?
Who did Megan Fox have a baby with ?
What currency does Senegal use ?
Where to get married in North Alabama ?
What do ethnic Russians look like ?
What places made up the Western Roman Empire ?
What experiments did Marie Curie conduct ?
What company did Mitt Romney run ?
What is Vito Corleone real name ?
What is the king of spain's name ?
Who is Blackwell ?
Where did Justin Bieber grew up ?
What district does John Cornyn represent ?
When was the last superbowl win for the Steelers ?
What language do they speak in Argentina yahoo ?
Who drafted Kevin Garnett ?
What is Zip Code for Chicago Illinois ?
What is the name of book written by Helen Keller ?
What did Bruce Jenner win gold for ?
Who did the voice of Darth Vader in Star Wars ?
What are The Duggars kids full names ?
Who is Prime Minister of Japan 2011 ?
What year did Aaron Rodgers get drafted ?
What equipment does Porter Robinson use ?
Who plays the voice of Kovu ?
Who is Martin Luther King Jr wife ?
Who is the new governor of Florida 2011 ?
What kind of money does the Uk use ?
What books did Jules Verne wright ?
Where in oklahoma are Scorpions found ?
Where does the Philadelphia Union Soccer Team play ?
Where is the Portuguese Language derived from ?
What 5 countries border Ethiopia ?
What does Qatar export ?
What type of planes does Virgin America fly ?
What city is the University Of Maryland University College in ?
Where did Anne Frank live before the war ?
Where was Joseph P Kennedy born ?
Which country is located directly east of Belgium ?
Who are iran's major trading partners ?
Where do the San Francisco Giants play baseball ?
What happened to the battle of Shiloh ?
What type of currency does Egypt have ?
What club team is Diego Forlan on ?
What state is Kaplan University online located ?
Who do Rastafarians worship ?
What timezone are the Bahamas ?
Where did L Frank Baum die ?
What is the episode of Family Guy when peter makes his own country ?
What inspired Steinbeck to write ?
Who is the leader of Cuba 2012 ?
Where did Gareth Southgate play ?
What Musical Instruments did Duke Ellington play ?
Where is the Bank Of America Pavilion ?
What all does Google have ?
What is the Boston Celtics Current Roster ?
What features do Islam and christianity have in common ?
What was Queen Victoria queen of ?
Who plays Ray Barone ?
What movies did Robert Blake play in ?
What tv shows are taped in New York City ?
What did Gerald Ford die of ?
Where is the Gobi Desert located ?
What kind of Mental Illness did Howard Hughes have ?
Who is Prime Minister of Japan 2012 ?
What city was Barack Obama born in ?
What airport do you fly into to get to Cabo San Lucas ?
What countries speak Spanish wikipedia ?
What films have Johnny Depp been in ?
Who runs China 2011 ?
What major airport is near Destin Florida ?
What country did Vasco Da Gama came from ?
What is the current government of Vietnam ?
What countries was the Vietnam War between ?
What to see outside of Paris ?
What does Nazis stand for ?
Where is the Nfl Hall Of Fame located and when was the building opened ?
Where did Laura Ingalls Wilder live ?
Who did Jason Segel date ?
Where Christopher Columbus was born ?
Who did Kat Graham play in Parent Trap ?
What does Sammy Hagar sing ?
Who plays young Lex Luthor in Smallville ?
Who is Lamar Odom playing for in 2012 ?
What are the main sports in New Zealand ?
Who makes Lois Griffin voice ?
What is the Zip Code for Trenton ga ?
What language do you speak in Finland ?
What kind of system of government does the United States have ?
What inventions did Da Vinci made ?
What was Lebron James rookie year ?
What are Shirley Temple kids names ?
Who does Malcom Floyd play for ?
What position does Terrell Owens play ?
What is Julia Gillard famous for ?
What did Kourtney Kardashian go to college for ?
What are the four official languages of Nigeria ?
Where is Bergen Belsen Concentration Camp located ?
Who was Louis Xvi ?
What was the name of Tecumseh brother ?
What did Donna Summers die from ?
What year did Allen Iverson get married ?
Where was Selena Gomez really born ?
Who did Lamar Odom sign with ?
What is the best neighborhood to live in in Philadelphia ?
When did the Battle Of Thermopylae occur ?
Where did Eleanor Roosevelt go to school ?
What do you say after a Sneeze in german ?
What country does Turkey trade with ?
Where is husqvarna 235 made ?
What do people speak in Singapore ?
What is the currency in Slovakia 2012 ?
What is the mascot of Dartmouth College ?
What country is next to Russia ?
Who played Jacob Black ?
Who pays Social Security and Medicare ?
What movies star Adam Sandler ?
What university did Bill Clinton graduated from ?
Who plays Jackson Gibbs on Ncis ?
Where did president Kennedy go to school ?
When did the Ny Knicks last win a championship ?
What happened at Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Plant ?
Who was Louis Kossuth ?
What country do Arabic People come from ?
When did the Red Sox win the pennant ?
Where did Harry Truman die ?
What was Prince Charles last name ?
What was Reagan before president ?
What type of legal system does Italy have ?
Where did Bernie Madoff work ?
What website did Mark Zuckerberg co founder ?
What bass does Jared Followill use ?
Who played Captain Kirk in Star Trek ?
What type of currency does the Us have ?
What currency does Thailand use ?
Where is Canadian County Oklahoma ?
In which province Islamabad is located ?
What does Rob Kardashian do for living ?
Where is Oceania on a map ?
What did Nintendo announce at e3 2012 ?
What can you do in Palm Springs Ca ?
Where is Red Lake Ontario ?
When was the last time the Ny Giants played in the superbowl ?
Who is Adam Sandler ?
Who was the president of Pakistan in 1980 ?
Which college did Barack Obama attend ?
Where was St Elizabeth Ann Seton born ?
What does the Adriatic Sea border ?
What time do the polls open in Indiana 2012 ?
What teams played in the 2010 Stanley Cup ?
What colony is John Adams from ?
What countries do Germany border ?
Who does Russia trade with the most ?
What language do the Assyrians speak ?
Who plays Mary Jane in Spiderman 3 ?
Where was Abraham Lincoln buried ?
Who was the grandson of king david's father ?
When president Lincoln was elected ?
When was the last time the Oakland Raiders won the Super Bowl ?
What did Theodore Roosevelt do that brought him to national prominence ?
Where is Devon Sawa now ?
Who did the Cleveland Browns draft ?
Who was marilyn monroe's parents ?
What to do when traveling to London ?
Where is Shoreditch ?
What should i do today in Houston ?
Where does the Spanish Language come from ?
When do they change the time in London ?
Where does Ryan Lochte live now ?
What timezone is tennessee Nashville ?
What Political Party was Henry Clay ?
What is Capital City of Ontario ?
What money is used in England ?
Who did Corey Feldman married ?
Who is the voice of Lois from Family Guy ?
What was walt disney's first cartoon called ?
What did Mary Harris Jones accomplish ?
What currency do i need in Egypt ?
Who was the founder of the Colony Of Virginia ?
Where is Ellis Park rugby stadium ?
What does the letters eu stand for ?
What are the 5 countries in the United Kingdom ?
What label is Jojo signed to ?
Who is the state senator of Kentucky ?
Where did Douglas Macarthur die ?
What does Russian people speak ?
Who is playing Jason Morgan on General Hospital ?
Where is Hong Kong china ?
What countries do they speak Italian ?
Who does David Beckham play for in 2013 ?
Who Nikki Reed play in Twilight ?
Who does Blake Griffin play for in the nba ?
Who played mulder in The X Files ?
What are bridgit mendler's parents names ?
What Tourist Attractions are in Houston texas ?
Who are the current Maryland senators ?
Where is the capital of Canada on the map ?
What time does Barnes And Noble close on saturday ?
What kind of paintings did Frida Kahlo do ?
What was Francisco Vasquez De Coronado known for ?
What form of government does Greece use ?
Where did the Columbia River begin ?
Who was the original voice of Meg on Family Guy ?
What movies has Michael Clarke Duncan been in ?
Who did Matt Barnes married ?
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2011 for physics ?
What is Jessica Ennis sport ?
Where is Tahiti Bora Bora ?
What are all of Michael Jackson albums ?
Where did Joe Namath live ?
Who is my state senator and representative Minnesota ?
What films has Kristen Stewart starred in ?
Where do Samsung Lions play ?
Where did lee surrender to Grant to end the Civil War ?
What does Annie Leibovitz do ?
What teams did Derek Fisher play for in the nba ?
Who did Mike Tomlin play for ?
What kind of currency does Cuba use ?
Who is Ben Roethlisberger parents ?
What movies have Robert Pattinson starred in ?
What are the Zoroastrian scriptures called ?
What Political Party is Barack Obama from ?
What organization did Martin Luther King lead ?
Where did the name Nazi come from ?
What was Arthur Conan Doyle famous for ?
What year did Michael Jordan started his career ?
What currency should you take to Thailand ?
What kind of guitar does Jemaine Clement play ?
Where is greyhound station in Washington Dc ?
Where was Lance Armstrong born and in what year ?
What kind of money is used in Israel ?
Where is George Bush from ?
What did William Howe do in the Revolutionary War ?
Who is the Falcons quarterback 2012 ?
What is the Zip Code for Trenton ohio ?
What is North Dakota state's mascot ?
What is the work of Charles Darwin ?
What movies have Adam Sandler been in ?
What was one of benjamin franklin's inventions ?
Where did Phil Mickelson go to college ?
What is the most practiced religion in the Us ?
What does Duffy sing ?
What school did Tupac go to ?
What does Guyana speak ?
Where did the Flemish live ?
What year did the Houston Rockets win their first championship ?
What college did Harry S. Truman attend ?
What is the Official Language spoken in Mexico ?
What county is Minneapolis Mn in ?
What religion in Thailand ?
Who is Queen Elizabeth 1 father ?
What other languages does Switzerland speak ?
What team is Ronaldinho on ?
Who plays Paul Blart ?
Who is Kobe Bryant wife bio ?
What kind of government system does Canada have ?
What type of government did Sparta Greece have ?
Where to vacation in Italy in august ?
What culture lived in Teotihuacan ?
What kind of voting system does Japan have ?
What are the names of all the countries in Africa ?
Who started the first Persian Gulf War ?
What is the name of the Pittsburgh Steelers stadium ?
Who was Cleopatra married too ?
Where was Nicki Minaj born ?
What was Jesse James wife name ?
Who plays Spike in Buffy The Vampire slayer ?
Where was Emperor Hadrian born ?
When was Gardasil released to the public ?
Who became president when Roosevelt died in office ?
Where did Martin Luther King went to school ?
Where did Charles Drew go to college ?
What was the Colosseum In Rome used for ?
Who voice acts Peter Griffin ?
Who Was Charles Darwin married to ?
Who plays lynette on Desperate Housewives ?
What year was Michael Jordan rookie year ?
What timezone is the state of Texas ?
What did Chadwick identify ?
What airport is closest to Ithaca Ny ?
Where did Kurt Cobain die ?
What county is Jackson Michigan in ?
Where was the battle of Verdun held ?
What system of government does Nigeria have ?
Who played Boss Hogg Dukes Of Hazzard ?
Who played kitt in Knight Rider ?
What religion did the Ottoman turks follow ?
What is Vanderbilt University known for ?
What timezone is Toronto gmt ?
What religion is King Henry Viii ?
What countries did germany take over during World War 2 ?
Where did James Baldwin go to school ?
Who was Joseph Pulitzer and what did he do ?
Where do you fly into for Destin ?
Where did Jane Austen grow up ?
What was Basketball Player michael jordan's major in college ?
Who made the American Red Cross ?
What kind government does Canada have ?
Where does Dr. Sanjay Gupta practice ?
What did Newton discover or invent ?
Who played Daniel Larusso ?
What happened to Umaga wwe ?
When is the next Geneva Motor Show ?
Who does David Beckham play for in 2012 ?
When and where did the battle of Antietam take place ?
What movies did Jj Abrams direct ?
What countries does Armenia border ?
What season does Haley have her second baby ?
What two countries speak Italian ?
When Richard Nixon was president ?
What job did Martin Luther King Jr have ?
What characters does Seth Macfarlane voice ?
Where did Macho Camacho got shot at ?
What has Ian Somerhalder played in ?
What time does Target in alhambra close ?
Who is Andrew Carnegie and what did he do ?
Who plays Lorne on angel ?
What form of government exists in China ?
What influenced Abraham Lincoln to become president ?
Who is Jeremy Sumpter ?
When last did Real Madrid win the champions league ?
Who was the winner of the 2009 Nobel Peace Prize ?
Who is ruling North Korea now ?
What bible do Rastafarians use ?
Who does Cristiano Ronaldo play for now 2011 ?
What state did Henry Clay represent ?
What country was Vasco Nunez De Balboa born in ?
Which states does the Mississippi River pass through ?
Where was San Gabriel Arcangel located ?
Who was the emperor before Nero ?
What type of artwork did Henri Matisse produce ?
What is gibby's mom's name ?
What type of music does Ella Fitzgerald sing ?
Where do the Orioles play Spring Training ?
What are the best places to go in Germany ?
What movies are directed by Steven Spielberg ?
What instrument does Mike Huckabee play ?
What movies does Matt Damon play in ?
Where is Basque located ?
What movies does Alyson Stoner play in ?
Who did Paul Jr marry ?
When are school holidays in Uk 2011 ?
What region is Czech Republic in ?
Who the voice of Jack Skellington ?
Who raised Queen Victoria ?
Who are the famous athletes in Kenya ?
What to see in Staten Island New York ?
What continent is Greenland located ?
What language do Egyptians use ?
What teams did Gretzky play on ?
Where was Obama educated ?
Who did Wayne Gretzky Play 4 ?
Who played sean in Scrubs ?
What was the name of the book Hitler wrote while in prison ?
Where did Pizarro land ?
What is the name of the main Train Station in San Francisco ?
What is the large Mountain Range in the Western United States ?
What is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu ?
What are the major languages in Italy ?
Where did the Battle Of New Orleans start ?
What does the Dominican Republic speak ?
When did Barry Zito won the cy young ?
Who is Paul Revere and what did he do ?
Where is the thalys Train Station in Brussels ?
What airlines hub in Phoenix ?
Where did Cutler jay go to college ?
Who did Etta James marry ?
Who played andy in Toy Story 3 ?
Where is Ann Romney from ?
Who was Galileo Galilei ?
What school did Bill Gates go to ?
What movies did Miley Cyrus play in ?
What country does Dubai come under ?
Who do Nate Robinson play for ?
What is there to do in Mt Baldy california ?
Where does the Panama Canal run through ?
What years did Jackie Robinson play baseball ?
What countries use English as national language ?
Who all has Steve Nash played for ?
Where does Jason Statham live ?
What are the Natural Resources in Wisconsin ?
What language is Cyprus using ?
What to do in Roatan Bay ?
What did Gerald Ford do ?
What is the rainforest in Peru called ?
Where is Mount Jefferson located ?
What is the state symbols of Colorado ?
Where did Buzz Williams go to college ?
What battles did Canada win in ww2 ?
Which airport is closest to The City Of Chicago ?
What part of the world is South Africa in ?
What movies did Adam Sandler play in ?
Who to vote for in San Francisco 2012 ?
Where is Washington D.C. at ?
Who is the Ravens quarterback 2012 ?
Who is the Current Leader of China and what is their title ?
When did Aldi originate ?
Who created Microsoft Windows ?
What is a King Charles Cavalier dog ?
What is John Steinbeck best known for ?
When was Barack Obama elected president ?
Who nominated Anthony Kennedy ?
Who was the voice of Darth Vader in Episode Iii ?
What year did Lamar Odom play for the clippers ?
Where The French Language come from ?
What is the government of Chile ?
What movie does Natalie Portman play in ?
Who is the Head Coach of the New Orleans Saints ?
Where does the Shannon River flow ?
What movies does Zac Efron star in ?
What is the political system of Nigeria ?
Where is Puerto Galera ?
Where is the battle of Verdun located ?
What currency does Hungary have ?
Who plays stella in Coronation Street ?
What all did Michael Jackson own ?
What form of government does Canada have ?
What language does people speak in Australia ?
Who married Jessica Simpson ?
What jersey will the Packers wear in the Super Bowl ?
Who controls Panama ?
When did Baltimore Orioles win the world series ?
What to do and see in Miami Florida ?
What is the currency in the Dominican Republic 2010 ?
What is happening in Germany right now ?
What movies did Chris Farley do ?
Who plays nana in The Royal Family ?
Who helped China in ww2 ?
What race are Arabs ?
Where George Washington Carver go to school ?
Who plays steffy on Bold And The Beautiful ?
Where was the Earthquake In Christchurch ?
What timezone is Reno Nv ?
Who was Niccolo Machiavelli influenced by ?
What did Cam Newton do ?
What is Latin America Spanish ?
What continent does the Bahamas belong to ?
Where is Baybrook Mall ?
What state did Obama win ?
Where did Isaac Newton go to high school ?
What planet did princess Leia call home ?
Where did English Numbers originate from ?
What kind of money do you use in Costa Rica ?
Where is Bob Marley from where was he born ?
What year did Spudd Webb won the dunk contest ?
What did Randy Jackson play in Journey ?
Where to stay in South Rim Grand Canyon ?
What beach did the Canadians assault ?
What discovery did Sir Isaac Newton make about force ?
What currency can you use in Aruba ?
Where does Roman Abramovich live ?
Who is Nolan Ryan married to ?
Where to travel in Africa in january ?
Where did Walt Disney live before he died ?
What did Neil say on the moon ?
Who played Carlton Banks ?
Who does Matt Damon have kids with ?
Who is the Current Leader of Cuba today ?
What books did Emily Dickinson wrote ?
What did Anasazi indians live in ?
What part of Italy did most immigrants come from ?
What hotel should i stay in San Francisco ?
What events led to napoleon's downfall ?
In which state did the Santa Fe Trail begin ?
Where is Whitey Bulger ?
Who created Youtube ?
What to do in Hong Kong for a week ?
What currency does Greece use 2012 ?
What influenced andy warhol's work ?
What is Fresno state's Zip Code ?
Who is Angelina Jolie husband name ?
What Kourtney Kardashian Baby Girls name ?
What is the present form of government in Iran ?
Which Hmv stores are open ?
What were marco polo's goals ?
Who did Marco Polo travel with ?
What does Icelandic sound like ?
Where does Bill Richardson live ?
Who are the judges on the Us Supreme Court ?
What to do in Dubuque this weekend ?
What club did Aguero play for before man city ?
Who plays Jay Adams in Lords Of Dogtown ?
What system of government is used in the United States Of America ?
What did the Habsburg family control ?
What is beyonce's daughters name ?
When did the Colts last win the superbowl ?
What college did Michael Jordan play basketball for ?
What songs has Madonna written ?
What countries are located in the Netherlands ?
Who was Andrew Johnson and what did he do ?
What are the best hotels to stay in San Francisco ?
Who was lincoln's Vice President when he died ?
Where did Pope Benedict Xvi live ?
What race did Dan Wheldon died in ?
What language Brazil use ?
Where is Tommy Emmanuel from ?
With which country does South Africa border ?
What is there to do around Austin Texas ?
What countries in the world speak German ?
Who plays effy in Skins uk ?
What countries use the Euro as official currency ?
What kind of money do the Netherlands use ?
Which college did Obama graduated ?
Who is Henry David Thoreau ?
Who are Richard Pryor children ?
Who is golfer Dustin Johnson dating ?
What are the official languages in Spain ?
What club did Santi Cazorla play for ?
What highschool did Bill Gates graduated from ?
Where does the Atlanta Braves play ?
What year did Detroit Pistons win nba championships ?
What each fold of The Us Flag means ?
What do people from Spain speak ?
Who played Danielle Rousseau on Lost ?
When will Muharram start 2011 ?
Who did King Tut married ?
How old was Woodrow Wilson when he was elected president ?
What Political Party did John Bell belong to ?
What countries are part of Nato ?
What religion is Mary Queen Of Scots ?
Who is Chris Cooley married to ?
Where is Port St Johns florida ?
What teams does Kroenke own ?
Where was the Battle Of Shiloh ?
What did Theodor Schwann contribute to our understanding of cells ?
Where is Kate Spade from ?
What countries are in the Caribbean ?
What Freeview channel is bbc three ?
When did the New York Mets Start Playing baseball ?
What party was Woodrow Wilson from ?
What part does seth macfarlane play in Family Guy ?
What type of government does Vietnam have today ?
What did Ben Hall do ?
What type of aircraft does Virgin America use ?
What currency do Mexico use ?
Where is the university of Oregon State ?
Where put thermometer in Turkey ?
Who did George Wendt play on Cheers ?
Who played Cruella Deville in 102 Dalmatians ?
What division did the Baltimore Colts play in ?
What year did Us Invaded Iraq ?
What is the Local Currency in the Dominican Republic ?
What is the Capital City of Canada on a map ?
What is the name of currency used in Spain ?
What ethnicity are People From Iran ?
Where did the Germans come from wiki ?
What movie did Tom Hanks won his first oscar ?
When was Ancient Egypt created ?
Who played Bilbo Baggins ?
What Famous People are from Kansas City ?
What country did Francis Drake represent ?
What timezone is Indianapolis Indiana in ?
What did Darwin propose as the mechanism of evolution ?
Who ran against Bill Clinton for president ?
What books did Lincoln write ?
What are popular sports in Spain ?
What did Corey Haim act in ?
Who is the publisher of The Wall Street Journal ?
What products are made in the Usa ?
What do Tibetan people speak ?
What form of government does Afghanistan have ?
Who was the wife of King Edward Vii ?
What position did John Stockton play ?
What happened at the Virginia Tech massacre ?
When did Freddy Krueger die ?
What is there to do in Niagara Falls New York ?
Who played Bernie Focker ?
Who did Troy Aikman play for ?
Where does Turkish Language ?
Who was Mendel and what did he develop ?
Where is Universal Studios California Theme Park ?
Where The Grimm Brothers were born ?
What sport is popular in China ?
What to do with kids in Phx Az ?
Where does Kirk Cameron live now ?
What continent is Greenland apart of ?
Which books did John The Apostle write ?
Who made the Ancient Egyptian Pyramids ?
Which Asian country has the biggest population ?
Where did the San Diego Chargers originate ?
Who was the voice of nemo's dad ?
What 4 Countries are part of the United Kingdom ?
Who was King George V father ?
Who won last year's nfl Super Bowl ?
Who played Michael Myers in Halloween 4 ?
What language do Chinese ?
What did Daniel Tosh say that was so offensive ?
What happened to Nagasaki ?
What language is spoken in Basque ?
What movies did James Franco play in ?
What does Bob Dylan sing ?
What year did John Adams get elected president ?
What to do in Palo Alto Ca with kids ?
What country did Jacques Cartier came from ?
What disease did Abe Lincoln have ?
What are the holidays of Islam ?
Who did Magellan sail for ?
Where did Irish People come from ?
What represents Ghana ?
What to see in downtown Asheville Nc ?
Where did Carrie Underwood live ?
What sports do Canadians like ?
When did Carolina Hurricanes win the cup ?
Who does Jr Smith play for 2012 ?
Who currently owns the Steelers ?
Where was Toni Braxton born and raised ?
Who has Dirk Nowitzki played for ?
What is the currency in the Dominican Republic called ?
Where is Shoreview Mn ?
What did Maria Theresa rule ?
What was jack london's education ?
What club team does Ronaldinho play for ?
Which countries share borders with Spain ?
What is the official currency in France ?
What going on in Afghanistan right now ?
What state did Roger Sherman represent at the Constitutional Convention ?
What type of money do Japanese use ?
What county is Bradenton Fl located in ?
What is Molly Ringwald in ?
What movies has Scarlett Johansson played in ?
What is the Philadelphia Church Of God ?
Where did David Duke go to college ?
Where does Bradley Cooper live now ?
What Mark Zuckerberg ?
What country did vasco Da Gama come from ?
What country do they speak Farsi ?
Who did Japan surrender to in ww2 ?
Where does Luke Skywalker live in Star Wars ?
What Basketball Team does Kris Humphrey play for ?
What is Time Zone in Hawaii ?
What is John Cena doing right now ?
What are two countries in South America ?
Where did Kobe Bryant attend high school ?
What did Doctor Kevorkian do ?
Where is Chowchilla located ?
What country is Vatican City in ?
Who played princess leia's mother in Star Wars ?
What type of voting system does the Uk have ?
Where is the warmest weather in the United States in december ?
Where Donald Trump went to college ?
What did John Howard study at university ?
What did Duke Ellington do ?
From which university did President Obama receive his bachelor's degree ?
What year did Yankees win their first world series ?
When was the last time the New England Patriots won the superbowl ?
What films has Morgan Freeman narrated ?
Where are the Atlanta Falcons located ?
What is St Francis Patron Saint of ?
Where was Obama born ?
Where was Tommy Emmanuel born ?
What techniques did Frida Kahlo use in her paintings ?
Who does Larry David play in seinfeld ?
What type of government does Israel ?
What political experience did Abraham Lincoln have ?
Where does Brian Williams live ?
Where is downtown Littleton ?
What did Shawnee Smith star in ?
What division is Cincinnati Bengals in ?
What technique did Vincent Van Gogh use in his paintings ?
Where was Toussaint Charbonneau from ?
What countries include Western Europe ?
What timezone is New Mexico currently in ?
Who is the current president of China 2010 ?
What is the legislature of Missouri called ?
What did Harriet Beecher Stowe do as an abolitionist ?
In which province is Pretoria ?
What college did Jerry Rice attend ?
Who is Liz Lemon marrying on 30 Rock ?
Where was the battle of Appomattox located ?
What country did John Cabot sail for ?
When did Mt St Helens first erupt ?
Where did the name Rome come from ?
What Time Zone is Fresno Ca ?
Who was the governor of Missouri in 1996 ?
What was the cause of death for Sage Stallone ?
Where did Queen Isabella live ?
Who played Carl Fredricksen in Up ?
Where did Robert Pattinson go to Acting School ?
What language does the country Italy speak ?
Who won the Super Bowl Xliv 2010 ?
What events caused Roosevelt to become more of an internationalist ?
What do the colors on mali's flag represent ?
When does school start in Los Angeles California 2011 ?
What years did the Yankees win the championship ?
What did Samuel De Champlain ?
What was William Faulkner known for ?
What language did the Miwok Indians speak ?
Who was audrey hepburn's husbands ?
Who were queen Elizabeth 1 parents ?
What do you want from me Jerrod Niemann lyrics meaning ?
What did Robert Koch do ?
Who does Cristiano Ronaldo play for ?
What currency is best to take to Dominican Republic ?
Who'S Betty White ?
What has been discovered on Mars so far ?
Who is Lleyton Hewitt ?
What movies did Quentin Tarantino star in ?
What language does the New Zealand speak ?
What kind of cancer killed Larry Hagman have ?
What kind of drugs does Charlie Sheen do ?
Who is Clint Eastwood dating ?
What county is Sacramento located in ?
What did Audrey Hepburn died of ?
What country was the Treaty Of Versailles written ?
What is St Mary mascot ?
Who was Irving Berlin and what did he do ?
Who shot J Lennon ?
What happened during William Henry Harrison presidency ?
Where is The Denver Broncos stadium located ?
Where did Sir Ernest Shackleton live ?
What type of music is Scott Joplin ?
Where did the Welsh Language originate from ?
Who does Leia think her father is ?
What languages do people speak in Switzerland ?
Who is president of France ?
Who did alf's voice ?
What was theodore roosevelt's Political Party ?
What year were the Cincinnati Reds founded ?
Where Ulysses S Grant go to school ?
Where is Kia cars made ?
What magazine did Edgar Allan Poe work for ?
Where are Sunbeam appliances made ?
Where did Chickasaw Indians live ?
What happened after Anne Frank died ?
What music did Antonio Vivaldi compose ?
Who plays Batman in 2012 ?
What is the timezone in Vancouver ?
What time is World Cup soccer ?
What county is Stockton Ca located in ?
What did Ronnie Radke do ?
Where does Selena Gomez live right now 2010 ?
Who is the member of Rajya Sabha ?
What form of government does Czech Republic have ?
Who is the leader of Syria now ?
What was Eli Whitney education ?
What movies has Renee Zellweger been in ?
What other writers influenced Charles Dickens ?
Where Jay Z was raised ?
What two countries is the Us at war with ?
Where did the Assyrian Empire start ?
What currency does the Dominican Republic ?
What is Daniel Radcliffe name in The Woman In Black ?
What money do they use in Thailand ?
Where was battle of Verdun located ?
Where does Avril Lavigne live now ?
Who plays stewie griffin's voice Family Guy ?
What should i see in London England ?
What currency is used in England 2012 ?
What language do Iraqi people speak ?
Where did Paul Rudd go to high school ?
What gauge strings John Mayer ?
What was Abe Lincoln shot with ?
What did Regina Hall play in ?
Who plays Jacob Black in Twilight ?
What american Penny is worth money ?
What book did Jacob Riis wrote ?
What airport is close to Scottsdale Arizona ?
Who plays Noah Bennet ?
When did the Italian fascists came to power ?
Who won American Idol 2006 Season 5 ?
What to see in Vietnam in two weeks ?
Where do the Chicago Cubs play ?
Where did Reagan die ?
When did Ian Thorpe become famous ?
What is the language used in Indonesia ?
What was Irving Langmuir famous for ?
What are the traditions in Jamaica ?
What is the Official Language of China called ?
Where did Mitt Romney go to Elementary School ?
Where is the gulf of St Lawrence River ?
What was the name of Martin Luther King Jr parents ?
What money does Guatemala use ?
Who was president when Nelson Rockefeller was Vice President ?
What year Magic Johnson retired ?
What kind of government does Spain have now ?
What did Freud say about women ?
Who plays young John Winchester in supernatural ?
Who Killed Vincent Chin film ?
Where is Shakira from originally ?
What region is Manchester England ?
Where was the Gettysburg war located ?
What do people go to Amsterdam for ?
Who is the elected governor of California ?
What language Chile speak ?
What year did John Glenn walk on the moon ?
What currency to take to side Turkey ?
Who founded the New Democratic Party ?
What were the causes of the Russian Revolution in 1917 ?
What team did John Madden play football for ?
What does Julian Clary do ?
Where does the Potomac River flow into ?
Where is the Olympic National Park located ?
When does the World Cup occur ?
What years the Steelers won the Super Bowl ?
What Art Movement was Vincent Van Gogh apart of ?
Where does Danish language come from ?
What countries are in the Baltic Region ?
What nation did Hitler lead ?
What time is in London Heathrow ?
When were women allowed to go to the Olympics ?
What continent does the Amazon River flow through ?
What is a city in Belgium ?
Who played Elle Greenaway ?
What secondary school did Adolf Hitler go to ?
Who was Andy Williams second wife ?
Where are you from in Egyptian Arabic ?
What did Captain Scott die of ?
Where does the Catholic Church originated from ?
What city did Elvis Presley grew up in ?
What continent is Belize located in ?
Who was donald duck's girlfriend ?
What party was Winston Churchill in politics ?
What 4 teams did Wayne Gretzky play for ?
Who was Philip Randolph ?
Where are Brembo brakes from ?
What did Taylor Swift do at the Vmas 2012 ?
Who did Russians descend from ?
What to see and do in San Diego California ?
What is the Zip Code for Clarksville tn ?
Where'S Wayne State ?
What dialect do most Chinese speak ?
Who is the president of Cuba in 2009 ?
Who does Avril Lavigne play in Over The Hedge ?
Where is the University Of Alabama ?
Where is the country of Armenia ?
Who Tom Cruise been married to ?
Which country is Gaza city located ?
Who is President Of Pakistan 2012 ?
What country did James Watt come from ?
What instrument did Louis Armstrong like to play ?
What is the currency in Germany in 2010 ?
What types of government does China have ?
Where is The Boeing Company ?
What does Bill Gates own ?
What organism did Mendel use ?
What are the two houses in Congress ?
What team does Ladainian Tomlinson Play 4 ?
What is the major language spoken in Canada ?
What did Camille Grammer do for a living ?
What Jamaican language called ?
What planet was Luke Skywalker raised on ?
Who did Georgia O'Keeffe inspired ?
Who does Brandon Jacobs play for ?
What is the government structure of Germany ?
Who was Queen Elizabeth the first's mother ?
Who is the leader of the Dominican Republic 2011 ?
Where did The Anglican Church start ?
Who does Obama look up to ?
Where did William Mckinley go to high school ?
Who played Heath Barkley ?
What year did Baltimore Ravens win the superbowl ?
What is the name of the money used in Spain ?
What did Edward Jenner do for a living ?
When did Shawn Johnson won the Gold Medal ?
What did Brittany Murphy died of ?
What type of political system does North Korea have ?
When does Ramadan end 2012 indonesia ?
Who will play clary in City Of Bones ?
What books did Frances Hodgson Burnett wrote ?
What year did Edgar Allan Poe go to college ?
Where is Amsterdam ohio ?
Who are the two Current Senators of Illinois ?
When did the Orioles win the pennant ?
Who did Stephenie Meyer play in twilight ?
What 3 countries does Mexico border ?
Who played Giles on buffy the Vampire Slayer ?
What teams are in the American League West ?
What books did Robert Burns wrote ?
Where does Drogba play now ?
Who owns Chrysler Corporation 2012 ?
What are the name of Mitt Romney sons ?
What was the cause of death of Larry Hagman ?
What is the rainforest in South America called ?
What school did Sir Isaac Newton go to ?
What was robert hooke's contributions to science ?
How many major dialects are there in China ?
In which country is Mount Everest found ?
What form of government does Germany use ?
What age do Scottish people go to university ?
What language do Haitian speak ?
Who is Nick Grimshaw ?
What did Florence Sabin do ?
Who played Betty Rizzo in Grease ?
Who played Wesley Crusher on Star Trek The Next Generation ?
When did Sherlock Holmes live ?
Where did Audie Murphy grow up ?
What school does Bart Simpson go to ?
Where is Mark Sanchez now ?
Where was the battle of Verdun ww1 ?
What year did Kobe Bryant go to high school ?
Where is Okemos Michigan ?
Where did Caroline Kennedy go to school ?
What type of government is The Us government ?
What is shakespeare's parents names ?
What was Sir Arthur Conan Doyle famous for ?
Who is the Ravens coach ?
What college did Ron Jaworski go to ?
What team does Allen Iverson play for now ?
Where did Sir Richard Grenville explore ?
What years did the Atlanta Braves win the world series ?
When does school start in Hillsborough County ?
Where did Jfk and his wife live ?
What are the Basic Beliefs of Islam religion ?
What is modern Egyptian language ?
Where does Sam Shepard live ?
In what state was The Air Force Academy established ?
Where did the Battle Of The Alamo start ?
What do Barack Obama do as a president ?
What are the names of Harry potter books in order ?
What currency should i bring to Italy ?
What years did the Orioles play in the world series ?
What does the Roman Empire consist of ?
What did Fred Goodwin do ?
What did Isaac Newton contribute to science ?
What school did Burne Hogarth establish ?
What is the economy of China ?
Who is Marilyn Monroe and why is she famous ?
Where is Port Charlotte Florida located ?
What Time Zone is it in California ?
Who is reba mcentire's son ?
Who helped form the American Federation Of Labor ?
Who did Julie Andrews play in shrek ?
What songs did Whitney Houston ?
When did the Celtics win championship ?
What does Canada export and import the most ?
What episode does Eric Northman come in ?
What was Elijah Mccoy famous for ?
Who did John Paul Jones fight for ?
Where does Hudson River start ?
Where was Brad Paisley born and raised ?
What is Charlotte North Carolina known for ?
Where is Glastonbury Connecticut ?
What is george washington's hometown ?
What is Arlington Texas Zip Code ?
What years did Yankees win championships ?
What characters does seth macfarlane play in Family Guy ?
What airport fly into Miami ?
What year did Steve Nash play for the mavericks ?
Where is Arabic used ?
What book did Charles Darwin write on evolution ?
What are all songs by Taylor Swift ?
What instruments does Katy Perry play ?
Who was Francis Drake married to ?
Where were the Chickasaw Indians located ?
Where does Don King live ?
When was Tom Brady first superbowl win ?
Who did Deborah Sampson married ?
What form of government does Mexico ?
Who played Mickey on days of our lives ?
What movies does Nicole Kidman star in ?
Who was Michael Jackson first girlfriend ?
Where to stay in San Francisco Ca ?
What team does Reggie Bush play for 2011 ?
Where did Kate Chopin grow up ?
Who is the current president of Dominican Republic 2011 ?
What money system does Greece use ?
Who played Obi Wan Kenobi in Phantom Menace ?
What is the newspaper in Phoenix ?
Where is Luke Bryan from ?
Who invented Facebook wikipedia ?
What country surrounds Spain ?
When and where was William Shakespeare buried ?
What type of Tennis Racket does John Mcenroe use ?
Where did Captain James Cook grow up ?
Where is Sony headquarters located ?
Who wore the Darth Vader suit in Revenge Of The Sith ?
What movies has Scarlett Johansson in ?
Where is Alex Rodriguez from ?
What school did Michael Jordan play for ?
Who invented Morse code ?
What happened to Adolf Hitler at the end of the war ?
What is the political system in England ?
Who was Vice President under Ronald Reagan ?
What does Rupert Murdoch own 2012 ?
Where did William Howard Taft go to high school ?
When did the Chicago Bulls win their first championship ?
Which four states touch Mexico ?
What did Sammy Davis Jr die of ?
What did Anna Nicole Smith died from ?
What country did Francis Drake explored for ?
What two countries share a border with the Great Lakes ?
What year did Dwayne Wade came to the nba ?
Where is the Dan Patrick studio ?
Where did Jackie Kennedy go to college ?
What do Italy People eat for breakfast ?
What religion does Tom Cruise follow ?
What is the president of france's name ?
What language do Lakota indians speak ?
What is the money called in Spain ?
Where is the Great Pyramid Of Giza situated ?
Where is John Deere made ?
What money is used in the Ukraine ?
Where did Ayn Rand live ?
When was the Civil War In Libya ?
Where are the headquarters of the United Nations organization found ?
What did Charles Lindbergh became famous for in the 1920s ?
What influenced Roy Lichtenstein artwork ?
What state did Romney governor ?
Which countries border Lake Victoria ?
What movies does Ryan Gosling star in ?
Where is Kentucky located ?
Where John Tyler was born ?
Where the English came from ?
What place did Thomas Jefferson died ?
When is next T20 World Cup cricket ?
What is the Time Zone in France ?
What kind of economy was the Soviet Union ?
What county is Lancaster Ca located in ?
Who is Steve Nash married to ?
Where is Compaq laptops made ?
What is the name of the Bengals quarterback ?
What job does Janelle Brown have ?
What do Michelle Obama do for a living ?
Who was the founder of Rhode Island ?
Who was Dr Seuss ?
Who does Paul Wesley play in 24 ?
What continent is Australia in ?
What is roshon fegan's heritage ?
Where is Spanish Springs nv ?
What club does Ronaldinho play for 2012 ?
What is the name of the sacred text of Islam ?
Where did Richard Nixon go to high school ?
Who stars in the movie Fred Claus ?
Who won the 2012 Snooker masters ?
Where did Madoff live ?
What killed Sammy Davis Jr ?
Where to hang out in Chicago ?
What are the best things to do in San Diego ?
What currency do you use in Costa Rica ?
Who are the senators of Kansas 2013 ?
What influenced jackson pollock's work ?
What state was John Adams elected from ?
Who played young Sam Winchester ?
What is the Official Language of the Ukraine ?
Who won 2001 Fa Cup ?
What songs did Duane Allman sing ?
Who played Darth Vader in the original Star Wars Movies ?
When do we change the clocks in 2011 in Australia ?
What team did Joe Hart play for before man city ?
Who did Scarlett Johansson married ?
What team did Doug Williams play for ?
What are the different sports in the Philippines ?
Who won the presidential race in Venezuela ?
Where did Willy Wonka take place ?
What degree did Martin Luther King get ?
What type of music did Vivaldi write ?
What books has Elie Wiesel written ?
When did the Boston Celtics win their first championship ?
Who is Cameron Crowe ?
What is the National Anthem of Russia ?
What college did Lee Corso attend ?
What films did Liam Neeson star in ?
What are all the countries in Nato ?
What does Tim Gunn do for a living ?
What was Eli Whitney job ?
What city are the Swiss Alps in ?
What Political Party was Adolf Hitler from ?
Who did Hermione Granger marry ?
Who was the first Jedi master ?
What areas did Henry Hudson discover ?
What does Taiwan people speak ?
What made Angela Davis famous ?
What state is George Washington University located in ?
What is the state bird and flower of Michigan ?
What is al in Arabic names ?
Where was governor Cuomo born ?
Who are the judges of the Supreme Court ?
Who is the President Of Brazil now ?
What years have the Ravens won the Super Bowl ?
What money to take to Sri Lanka ?
What year did the Mets win their first world series ?
Who was Leonardo Da Vinci teacher ?
Where did Newt Gingrich attend college ?
Where did Thomas Jefferson died ?
What football teams did Emmitt Smith play for ?
Where did Joe Namath attend college ?
What city is Purdue University located ?
What language does people in Thailand speak ?
Where is ibrahim chatta from ?
What does Beth Tweddle compete in ?
What airport is closest to downtown Toronto ?
What did Emily Bronte died of ?
What to do around Krabi thailand ?
What country is George Washington Carver from ?
Who is playing Bilbo in the hobbit movie ?
What else is there in Orlando besides disney ?
When did Kennedy get elected ?
What kind of currency do they use in Thailand ?
Who is the actor that plays rico in Hannah montana ?
What Time Zone is Birmingham england ?
What does Andy Warhol do ?
Where is Colombia the country ?
Who does Jodelle Ferland play in Eclipse ?
Where can i register to vote in Urbana Il ?
Where was Karl Marx buried ?
What countries did Mother Teresa work in ?
What timezone is Nevada in right now ?
What team did Deion Sanders play for in baseball ?
What did dr Carter G Woodson do ?
Who invented the Ford Motor Company ?
What is Ayrton Senna ?
Where was stephen g. breyer born ?
What films have Taylor Lautner starred in ?
What did Charles Dickens believe in ?
Who played elaine on Doc Martin ?
What religion is Sammy Davis Jr ?
What airport does southwest fly to in Denver ?
Who started Google ?
In what timezone is Arizona ?
Where Kurdish People from ?
Where did Harrison Ford get his start ?
What year did Arizona Diamondbacks win the world series ?
Where was Jesus born and raised ?
What currency do i take to Turkey ?
Who portrayed Indiana Jones in raiders of the Lost Ark ?
What money is used in Ukraine ?
Where is Greyton Western Cape ?
What is the Buddhist Holy Book ?
Who is Jason Morgan married to in Real Life ?
What is colorado's state flower ?
Who have the Lakers signed ?
Who was Phil Harris married to ?
Which Jane Austen books are movies ?
Where did Antoine Laurent Lavoisier die ?
Where is Lanzarote in a world map ?
What year did Lakers win their first championship ?
What does Mariah Carey call her fans ?
What happened to Harvey Smith ?
Who plays Dante Falconeri ?
What sports are played in Canada ?
Who is the President Of Israel 2012 ?
Who does Northern Ireland belong to ?
Who does Allen Iverson play for now 2010 ?
What party was Lincoln affiliated with ?
Where do Islamic people go to worship ?
Where did Kirk Herbstreit ?
Where did American Troops fight in Ww1 ?
What god does Taoism believe in ?
What college did Kris Humphries play for ?
What gunfight is Wyatt Earp most famous for ?
What does the Maine state flag look like ?
What do Mali people speak ?
Who is John Garcia ?
What type of government does Japan currently have ?
What do Israeli people speak ?
What year did George Washington become the president ?
What did Lbj die of ?
What is the main language spoken in Italy ?
Who was the first wife of Prophet Muhammad ?
What does George Soros believe ?
On which river is Paris ?
Who was Sam Houston answers ?
Who is sherri shepherd's new husband ?
Who did Kevin Garnett play for before celtics ?
Who the voice of Peter Griffin ?
What is the name of dawn french's first novel ?
Who is the governor of California 2010 ?
Which Paris airport is closest to the City Center ?
Where is St Louis Cardinals stadium ?
Where are Dell products manufactured ?
Where does Manny Pacquiao live ?
When were the Duggar kids born ?
Where did Pharaoh Hatshepsut live ?
What four countries are in the United Kingdom ?
What Record Label is Rihanna signed to 2012 ?
Who does Sam Bradford play for ?
Where did the Seminole Native Americans live ?
What county is Plymouth Ia in ?
What airlines fly into Ontario International Airport ?
What school did Kurt Vonnegut go to ?
What kind of biome is the Everglades ?
Where did Henry Hudson come from ?
Which continent is Costa Rica located ?
What movies has Halle Berry starred in ?
What was the capital of Ancient Israel ?
Where is tomb of Allama Iqbal ?
Who does the United States export the most to ?
Where is Sony Ericsson based ?
What school did Michael Jordan go to ?
What do you speak in Singapore ?
Where is Reggie Bush from ?
What has Sara Paxton been in ?
What Primary School did Sir Isaac Newton go to ?
What'S the Egyptian currency ?
Which roman god Goddess are you ?
What countries does Canada export wheat to ?
What kind of economy does China has ?
What is Mexico City Time Zone ?
Who won the Fa Cup in 2008 ?
Who plays Jacob Black in the Twilight Movies ?
Who is the Head Coach of the Indianapolis Colts ?
Who is Rob Kardashian dating now 2012 ?
What is the Syracuse University mascot ?
Where does Honda play soccer ?
What Time Zone is ontario Toronto ?
Where is augusta Golf Masters ?
What government did Japan have ?
Where does the Shannon River end ?
What all does Stan Kroenke own ?
What countries does China border ?
What university did Donald Trump graduate from ?
What drug did Mitch Hedberg overdose on ?
What were erik erikson's theories ?
What the Australian Liberal Party stands for ?
What is British Columbia ?
What language do you speak in Austria ?
What does the Philippines Flag represent ?
Who was Rosemary Clooney married to ?
Where did Roger Moore live ?
Who'S the Oakland Raiders Head Coach ?
Where is Portuguese language spoken ?
Who is married to Garth Brooks ?
What Political Party was Hitler the leader of ?
Who did Plaxico Burress sign with 2012 ?
Who does Zach Galifianakis play in The Hangover ?
Who plays lois in Family Guy ?
What state did Dwight D. Eisenhower live in ?
What are 2 inventions Benjamin Franklin is credited with creating ?
Where did Carmen Electra grow up ?
What is Vanderbilt University mascot ?
What famous book did Benjamin Franklin wrote ?
What band does Adam Levine sing for ?
Where did Brian Williams go to college ?
Where did Robert Hooke get his education ?
What country did Truman lead ?
What is language in Argentina ?
Which island in Greece ?
Who has won the most Fa Cup ?
What time is Kansas in ?
What time is in San Diego California ?
What landforms are found in Italy ?
When did Hurricane Irene hit ct ?
Who did Michael Jackson play in The Wiz ?
What is Osama Bin Laden race ?
What was Gregor Mendel known for ?
What drugs does Charlie Sheen do ?
What is the Capital City of Assyrian Empire ?
Which countries speak English ?
What disease Michael Jackson ?
Where did Jerry Spinelli go to college ?
What is the Zip Code for Cordova Tn ?
What is Julia Gillard party ?
What is the origin of the Turkish language ?
When did Tom Brady join the patriots ?
What is Isaac Newton famous for ?
Who won the state of Texas in 2008 ?
What is considered Eastern Canada ?
Where did Barack Obama went to school ?
What battles did Robert E Lee participate in ?
Who was the Prime Minister of Canada in 1998 ?
What did Ron Howard direct ?
What kind of alcohol is bacardi silver ?
Who are shakespeare's siblings ?
What team did Albert Pujols play for ?
What inspired Monet ?
Where do Ba fly to from London City Airport ?
Where does Kaka live ?
What is the predominant language in South Africa ?
What are fun things to do in Seattle Wa ?
Where does the Oklahoma City Thunder practice ?
What is the language called in Turkey ?
Who was theodore roosevelt's Vice President ?
What college did Charles Richard Drew go to ?
Where does the Roman Language come from ?
What nationality is Jermaine Paul ?
Where did the Oakland Raiders move from ?
Who played Nba last night ?
Who were mary shelley's parents ?
Who played Hannah Montana best friend ?
What do do in New York ?
What are some of the religions in Australia ?
What is the Capital City of South Carolina ?
What language do they speak in Indonesia ?
What type of political system is headed by Queen Elizabeth Ii ?
What is the actual current Local Time now in Uk ?
What are some of the awards Taylor Swift has won ?
What city did Obama grow up in ?
Where did chris Cuomo go ?
Where did Gary Coleman live when he died ?
What is there to do in Palm Springs ?
Where is Auburn University at ?
Where was Ronald Reagan born and raised ?
What county is Morristown tn in ?
Where do the Houston Rockets play basketball ?
Who was the president of the united states during Ww2 ?
Who did Elvis Presley really love ?
Which states does the Connecticut River flow through ?
What are the biggest cities in Illinois ?
Which english team won the Champions League first ?
Which province in Canada is the most populated ?
What continent do the Falkland Islands belong to ?
What language do Russian people speak ?
Which states touch Canadian soil ?
What did Alvin Smith died from ?
What are the four Harry Potter House names ?
Who has Tim Howard played for ?
When is The Gold Cup cheltenham ?
Where does Portuguese originate ?
What currency in Dominican Republic should i bring ?
Who did Howie Long married ?
What region of the world is North America in ?
Who is the current governor of Georgia 2011 ?
Where do Navajo Indians live ?
What to do in Panama City Beach for Spring Break ?
What instrument does Ringo Starr play ?
Who are china's trading partners ?
What character did Stan Lee create ?
What disease did Anne Frank get ?
Where did Rich Rodriguez get fired ?
Who did Mario Lopez just marry ?
What happened to president James Garfield ?
What Time Zone am i in Missouri ?
Who is paul mccartney's current wife ?
What channel is Anderson Cooper talk show on ?
What drugs were in Whitney Houston when she died ?
Who did Warren Moon play for ?
What brand of guitar does Steve Vai play ?
What do Hungarian people speak ?
What Prep School did Romney attend ?
In what town did Ned Kelly and his family grow up ?
What is Bethenny Frankel husband name ?
What city in australia should i live in quiz ?
Who is the present president of China ?
Who speaks stewie on Family Guy ?
Who influenced Arthur Conan Doyle ?
When was Samuel Pepys ?
What are the New York Giants home colors ?
Who played bob ewell in To Kill A Mockingbird ?
What type of money does Jamaica use ?
What instrument does Fela Kuti play ?
Who is Kurt Busch driving for now ?
Who was charlemagne's wife ?
Where did Woodrow Wilson go to school ?
Who is Lamar Odom married too ?
Where can you buy Amazon Kindle ?
Who is angelina jolie's husband ?
What kind of money do they use in Aruba ?
What sports do people in France play ?
What wars did Robert E Lee lead ?
What language do native American Indians speak ?
Where did Tennessee Williams live ?
What was King Louis Xiv religion ?
What language do they in Belgium ?
Who plays walter in Fringe ?
Where is Port St Lucie florida on the map ?
What countries are the Mediterranean ?
What city has the largest population in Mexico ?
Who Juan Ponce De Leon ?
In what years did the New York Yankees win the world series ?
What state is Toronto in ?
Where to watch tv online for free in Canada ?
Where did the Loma Prieta Earthquake occur ?
What is the state motto of Massachusetts ?
What is Time Zone in New Orleans ?
What type of poetry does John Donne write ?
Where did Helen Keller die ?
Who is the current president of Chile 2011 ?
What would happen if the New Madrid Fault had an earthquake ?
Where did the Hopi indians live ?
What did Jeff Corwin major in ?
Where did Johann Sebastian Bach live ?
Who did Bynum get traded to ?
What timezone is Malaysia ?
Where is Alex Smith from ?
Where was Alice Walker born ?
What do they speak Iceland ?
Who taught Michelangelo to sculpt ?
What wars have France been involved in ?
Who plays moira on The L Word ?
When did Joe Mcelderry won x factor ?
What is the major language of Jamaica ?
Who was the members of Blackstreet ?
Who did Tebow get traded to ?
Where did Romans go ?
What does a american Rottweiler look like ?
Who created the character of Sherlock Holmes ?
What does Scottish people speak ?
Who all has Kim Kardashian dated ?
Who are the main trading partners of China ?
What instruments did Vivaldi wrote concertos for ?
What book did John Steinbeck wrote about the people in the Dust Bowl ?
What land did god promise Joshua ?
Who is the voice of family guys Meg Griffin ?
What to do in New Orleans with kids ?
What countries did Queen Elizabeth I rule ?
What channel is the mtv Vma Awards on ?
What kind of currency does Jamaica use ?
What type of government does the Nigeria have ?
Where is Usc from ?
What country was William Shakespeare born ?
Where do they grow rice in Italy ?
Where Great Britain on the world map ?
What to see in Dallas Tx ?
What is my timezone in California ?
What is president Abraham Lincoln known for ?
Who did cristina yang's husband cheated on her with ?
Who does Jemaine Clement play in Despicable Me ?
What year did the Vietnam War happen ?
Where do the Broncos play ?
Who inspired Antonio Vivaldi ?
What type of currency is used in Puerto Rico ?
What is Jackie Kennedy famous for ?
What currency is used in France before euro ?
Who started up Mcdonalds ?
What major landforms are located in Egypt ?
Who played Nba Finals 2010 ?
What does the devil look like in Young Goodman Brown ?
What state was Ronald Reagan governor of ?
What is the most practiced religion in the United States ?
Where was my Honda Motorcycle made ?
What did Isaac Newton discovered as a mathematician ?
What is St James Palace ?
What airport to fly into to get to Clearwater Florida ?
Who has Britney Spears married ?
What currency is used in Hungary ?
What currency do they use in Qatar ?
What are fun things to do in Denver Colorado ?
What did Thoreau die from ?
How much does the average American pay in taxes over their lifetime ?
What do the symbols in the Illinois Flag represent ?
What years did the Red Sox win the world series ?
What war was Woodrow Wilson president for ?
Who is Carl Edwards racing for ?
What to do in Panama City Beach in february ?
Where are the Florida Marlins from ?
What is the main religion in Eastern Europe ?
What language does Romanian people speak ?
What date was John Adams elected president ?
Who nominated Stephen G . Breyer ?
What contribution did Maurice Wilkins make to dna ?
What did George W Bush do before becoming president ?
Which party was Lincoln ?
Who are the two current Illinois senators ?
What did Robin Gibb died from ?
What college did Joe Montana play for ?
What were adolf hitler's parents names ?
What did Jordyn Wieber win gold for ?
What job does Bill Rancic have ?
What did Robert Hooke discover ?
What does Michael Jackson like to eat ?
Who owns the New England Patriots Football Team ?
Where do the Japanese live ?
What is the dollar called in Brazil ?
What airport fly into for Maui ?
What has Lucy Hale played in ?
Who won 2011 Heisman Trophy ?
Who is the Falcons kicker ?
Where did Charles Drew go to high school ?
What language do Argentina use ?
Who won governor race in Indiana ?
What languages do people speak in Egypt ?
What college did Florence Griffith Joyner attend ?
What style of art did Henri Matisse use ?
What did George Washington Carver make with peanuts ?
Who plays Alan Parrish in Jumanji ?
Who was Reese Witherspoon married too ?
What is the Isthmus Of Panama ?
Who is the coach of the La Lakers ?
What is the dominican republic's capital ?
What is Illinois state flower called ?
What books did Mark Twain read ?
Who plays Miley Cyrus brother ?
What language do they speak Thailand ?
What are the major religions in Poland ?
What is the San Francisco Giants mascot ?
Where was Tupac born ?
Where is the Main Headquarters of the Un ?
What utc Time Zone is Arizona ?
Who played as Barney ?
Who played elaine's boyfriend on seinfeld ?
Who did Juan Ponce De Leon married ?
What language do they speak in Spain wikipedia ?
Where to watch live opening ceremony in London ?
What times is it in Texas ?
Where did the Arizona Diamondbacks play ?
What did Fred Davis do ?
What country was Theodor Schwann born in ?
Where is the Fukushima Daiichi located ?
What country was Bin Laden from ?
Who plays Claudia Joy on Army Wives ?
Where did Darfur happen ?
What language does Greece use ?
What kind of money does Argentina use ?
Who was the Prime Minister of Australia in 1958 ?
What hemisphere South America ?
What movies has Taylor Momsen been in ?
What show was Kim Richards in as a child ?
What was Henry Ford best known for ?
What kind of music did Michael Jackson sing ?
What education does Jeff Corwin have ?
What movies has Chris Colfer been in ?
Where The Queen Of Denmark lives ?
What did Roald Dahl write ?
Who was the real Erin Brockovich ?
Where are Riddell Helmets manufactured ?
What county is Troy Il in ?
What position does Mitt Romney hold ?
Who is Country Singer Jewel married to ?
What movies does Tupac act in ?
What famous book did Adam Smith wrote ?
Where does the Appalachian Trail run through ?
Where is Burundi located on a map ?
What year did Mcfly go to the future ?
What Unicef stands for ?
What clubs has Messi played for ?
Where is Merrell Shoes headquarters ?
Who does the Uk trade with ?
What color are the Baltimore Ravens ?
What country Volvo Cars made ?
Who plays karen jackson on Shameless ?
What is tim tebow's religion ?
What country is Singapore next to ?
What year did Detroit Pistons win the championship ?
What does Anderson Cooper do ?
What movies did Matt Bomer play in ?
Who is Ellen Bernstein ?
When are the Australian Open men's finals ?
When was Reagan inaugurated ?
Where did Dmitri Mendeleev teach ?
What kind of education did Barack Obama have ?
What was the last time the Pittsburgh Pirates had a Winning Season ?
What did James K Polk believe in ?
What currency does South Africa have ?
Where did Jerome David Salinger died ?
What religions are recognized in Canada ?
What airport is closest to Cancun ?
Where is Somalia located ?
Who played Lex Luthor in the Original Superman ?
Who is the Head Coach of the Chicago Blackhawks ?
Where was John F Kennedy raised ?
What does Kat Dennings star in ?
What did Henry Kissinger do ?
Where does Volga River start ?
What are the major sports played in Venezuela ?
What did Roger Sherman do for a living ?
Who does Ryan Newman race for ?
What was the political system in Libya ?
Who plays the voice of Lois Griffin on Family Guy ?
Who did Alicia Keys have a baby with ?
What the currency in Argentina ?
Where does Eddie Bravo teach ?
When did Michael Schumacher win his first title ?
Where does Sally Pearson live ?
What college Chris Paul go to ?
Where is Madeira ?
What country is Joseph Prince from ?
When did Democritus discovered the atom ?
What do they speak in Austria ?
What are major religions in the United States ?
What things did Thomas Edison invent ?
Where is the Sistine Chapel by michelangelo ?
Who has played Edward Quartermaine on General Hospital ?
What is the Zip Code for Iselin Nj ?
What kind of language does Switzerland speak ?
Where is Christina Aguilera from ?
What are fun things to do in Philadelphia ?
Who does David Carr play for ?
Where did Jackie Robinson go to school ?
Where is Jack Daniel buried ?
What strings does John Mayer ?
Who plays stacey in Zoey 101 ?
When did Sanchez leave usc ?
Who is Steven Seagal sister ?
Where was F Scott Fitzgerald education ?
On what continent is Canada found ?
What is the Primary Language of Israel ?
Who is married to Jane Krakowski ?
What role did Tom Cruise play in Endless Love ?
Where to go in Phnom Penh cambodia ?
What city was Ronald Reagan born in ?
What countries in the world speak Arabic ?
What 4 states border the Pacific Ocean ?
What to do in Nadi Fiji ?
Who is Francis Bacon and what did he do ?
What is the dominant language of Jamaica ?
When does Medicare Part D start ?
What is the postcode for Seoul South Korea ?
What type of government does the Bahamas have ?
What university did Tony Romo go to ?
Where is Bosnia ?
What countries speak German as a first language ?
Where is Amazon based out of ?
What team did Mike Piazza retire with ?
What is state animal of Illinois ?
Where did Robert Boyle study ?
What is there to see near the Grand Canyon ?
Where does the Fda get its authority ?
Where does Hector Camacho live ?
Who was Vladimir Lenin and why was he important ?
What language do Cyprus speak ?
Where does Fabio Aurelio play ?
What war did George Washington help win ?
Where does Danny Ainge live ?
What college did Steve Jobs attend ?
Where was Anne Frank born ?
Who plays young Joe Dirt ?
What company did Verizon used to be ?
Who was king tut's wife ?
What team did Magic Johnson play for ?
What are the Kennedys ?
Where Kurdish people come from ?
Where is Sarajevo located ?
What is the Official Language in China ?
Who does the voice of kitt in Knight Rider ?
What teams are left in the Nfl ?
What Art Movement was Pablo Picasso part of ?
What type of business is Mitt Romney in ?
What language do they speak in Egyptian ?
What are historical places in New York ?
In what year did Columbus sail to the new world ?
What countries are included in the continent of Asia ?
Who owns Wikimedia Foundation ?
What war was George Washington president during ?
When did Miami Dolphins win Super Bowl ?
What timezone is Minnesota in ?
Which airport do ba fly to in Oslo ?
What is there for kids to do in Miami ?
What country Columbus was born ?
Where did Lauren Conrad live ?
What Bella name her baby ?
What is the Houston Rockets mascot ?
What is there fun to do in San Diego ?
What movies Johnny Depp is in ?
Where did Matthias Schleiden do his work ?
What countries did Andy Warhol work ?
What songs does Katherine Jenkins sing ?
What is Ryan Seacrest famous for ?
What is the Current Leader of Japan ?
How much Indiana Jones movies are there ?
What does George Soros own ?
What kind of money should i bring to Dominican ?
Who is the president of Ecuador in 2012 ?
What city became the capital of the Assyrian Empire ?
What Time Zone is Maryville Tn ?
Where does Frida Kahlo live now ?
Who started the Federal Reserve Board ?
Where did Marco Rubio go to college ?
Where in tennessee are The Smoky mountains ?
What kind of fish do you catch in Florida ?
Where was emperor Tiberius born ?
Who did Ronald Reagan get shot by ?
What county is Novato in ?
Who did president Kennedy marry ?
Where to live near Seattle Wa ?
What movies did Zoe Saldana play in ?
Where to go in Mexico for vacation ?
Who does Nikki Reed play in the Movie Twilight ?
What does Matt Dallas do now ?
Where was Abraham buried ?
Where did Frank Bruno live ?
What type of cancer did Donna Summer died from ?
Where'S the Hudson River ?
How long is queen victoria's reign ?
What did Jerry Sandusky do to the children ?
Where does the Jordan River end ?
What is the state flower of Pennsylvania ?
What school did Michael Jackson attend ?
What does Kenya Moore do for a living ?
What country is Barack Obama from ?
Who was Wale signed to ?
Who did Tyson Chandler play for ?
What character did Liv Tyler play in lord of the rings ?
Who played Princess Leia in Star Wars Movies ?
When did Romney first run for president ?
What did Barack Obama do before he took office ?
Where was Saint Joseph from ?
Where does Kenya Moore get her money ?
What round did Manny Pacquiao win in ?
What job did George W Bush have ?
What are countries in South Asia ?
Where is the Caribbean geographically located ?
What songs does Tom Delonge sing ?
Where did Monta Ellis go to college ?
What was howard carter's job ?
Who was Papa Doc in Real Life ?
What was the cause of death of Michael Jackson ?
Who played Laura Ingalls mother ?
What is the Capital City of Texas usa ?
Who won governor in Connecticut 2010 ?
What is the main language spoken in Switzerland ?
What timezone is Indianapolis In now ?
Where do cruises leave from in Rome ?
What Time Zone is New England usa in ?
Where was the Vietnam war located ?
What is tulane university's mascot ?
Where is Aviano Air Force Base located ?
Who is the owner of the Philadelphia Eagles ?
Where did Giovanni Da Verrazano live ?
What was Antonio Vivaldi known for ?
What movies does Johnny Depp play in ?
Who has won the last 10 Nba Championships ?
Who is the coach of the Pittsburgh Steelers 2005 ?
When are the Summer Olympics held ?
Where did George Harrison live before he died ?
Where do most Earthquakes Happen in Japan ?
When did mcgee start on Ncis ?
What atom did j.j thomson discover ?
What country did the Zulu live in ?
Where was president Chester Arthur born ?
Where to fly in for Galapagos Islands ?
Who has Tom Brady played for ?
Who are betty white's husbands ?
What are the major Languages Spoken in Italy ?
What time is it in Lake Havasu City Arizona ?
What years have the Giants won the world series ?
Where did Nick Clegg go to Prep School ?
Where did Laura Bush grow up ?
What currency should i take to Mauritius ?
Which states share borders with Virginia ?
What is a judge in the Supreme Court called ?
What did Johannes Kepler accomplish ?
What college did Edgar Allan Poe go to ?
Who is Ellen Albertini Dow ?
What Time Zone is London in right now ?
What kind of language do China speak ?
Where is the Singapore Zoo ?
What town was Abe Lincoln born in ?
What do Ethiopia import and export ?
Who did the voice of kitt in Knight Rider ?
What challenges did Helen Keller have to face ?
Who is Andy Williams brother ?
Who was the 2nd Prime Minister Of Pakistan ?
Where does Morrissey Live 2010 ?
What teams did Jim Harbaugh play for ?
Who played Atticus Finch in the movie ?
Where did Toussaint Louverture live ?
What other countries share a border with China ?
Who has the voice of Stewie Griffin ?
What year did Johnny Cash die and how old was he ?
What party did John Tyler belong to ?
Who is the senator of the state of Texas ?
Where to stay in thailand Koh Samui ?
Who is Jensen Ackles in a relationship with ?
Who is the Voice Actor for Eric Cartman ?
What language do Irish People speak ?
What is the currency used in Brazil ?
What was Marie Curie best known for ?
What money is used in Mozambique ?
What illness does Michael J Fox have ?
Who is the Governor Of Indiana 2012 ?
Who was kim kardashian's first husband ?
Who did Jerry Rice retire with ?
What are the official languages of the Dominican Republic ?
What movie Queen Latifah play in ?
What did Anton Van Leeuwenhoek discover ?
Where was Ted Kennedy buried ?
Where do most immigrants in the United States come from today ?
What state Toronto located ?
Where did dr Martin Luther King get his doctorate ?
Who is the governor of Wyoming currently ?
Who was the president of Indian National Congress ?
Where do most of the people in Egypt live ?
Where was Benjamin Franklin raised ?
What language does Egyptians use ?
Where do people speak Burmese ?
What money do they have in Italy ?
What is phoebe halliwell's real name ?
What is the name of the capital of Spain ?
What is Afghanistan money called ?
What did people in the bible say about Jesus ?
What lead to the fall of the Ottoman Empire ?
Where are Facebook headquarters located ?
What was the Roman political system ?
What is Atlanta ga famous for ?
What government type is North Korea ?
Where is the Pepsi Center ?
Who plays Hermione Granger ?
What inspired M.C. Escher to become an artist ?
Where is the best place to stay in Aruba ?
When did Abraham Lincoln free the slaves ?
What county is Denver Colorado in ?
What year did Giants win world series ?
What kind of government Iran have ?
Who is the Seattle Seahawks starting quarterback ?
Where does the band Metallica live ?
When did Melbourne get its name ?
Who is shania twain's husband ?
Who plays Jason gideon ?
What province is Toronto canada located in ?
Where did president Eisenhower go to college ?
What are the gods of Islam ?
What was Vasco Nunez De Balboa original purpose of his journey ?
What team did Kaka play for in 2009 ?
What political system is in China ?
Who played George Jefferson on All In The Family ?
What guitar did Clapton play ?
Who did Joseph from the bible marry ?
What did sir John Frederick William Herschel do ?
What is a Famous Person from Massachusetts ?
What college did Joakim Noah attend ?
What channel does Anderson Cooper come on ?
What money do they use in China ?
Where did Wassily Kandinsky work ?
Where does Jeb Bush live ?
When did the Arab Israeli War start ?
Who influenced Michael Jackson ?
What all countries are in South America ?
Who was the leader of the Ussr in 1948 ?
What country does Japan export to ?
What ship did Sir Francis Drake travel on ?
What did Kellie Martin play on ?
What does United Church Of Christ believe ?
Where is Walton Goggins from ?
Which province is Calgary canada in ?
What university did Barack Obama attend ?
When did Venus Williams win wimbledon ?
Who is Neil Patrick Harris dating ?
Where is the Capital City of Assyrians ?
Who is Aidan Quinn ?
What type of political system is Iran ?
What do people from Guam speak ?
What to do if you have one day in Bangkok ?
Where was Ben Franklin born ?
What timezone is Virginia in ?
What is the Dominican Republic part of ?
Where did Jerry Spinelli live as a kid ?
What do Costa Ricans speak ?
What year did Arizona Cardinals go to Superbowl ?
Where does Spencer Pratt go to school ?
What did Charles Babbage make ?
Who played lt Uhura ?
What is New York Giants ?
What time is the Melbourne Cup ?
What colleges did Alice Walker attend ?
What schools did Barack Obama attend ?
Where is the French Alps located ?
What year was peyton manning's rookie year ?
Who was Peter Frampton married to ?
What is the Hawaii Time Zone ?
Who has coached the Baltimore Ravens ?
What teams did Manny Ramirez play for ?
What type of government does Iraq have 2012 ?
What other jobs did Benjamin Franklin have ?
Who was Gregor Mendel and what did he contribute to science ?
Who plays harold saxon in Doctor Who ?
What year was the first Miss America Pageant ?
What kind of guitar does Lindsey Buckingham play ?
What college did Joe Namath attend ?
Where to stay near Asheville ?
What city uses Gmt ?
Where does the Zambezi River begin ?
What county is Duluth Minnesota in ?
What Zip Code is Chicago Il ?
What is the political system in Argentina ?
What did Andrew Johnson die from ?
Who is the Governor Of Oregon 2012 ?
What city is Mt St Helens in ?
What is Janelle Monae famous for ?
What continent is Mexico located on ?
Who created the ancient language in Alagaesia ?
What four regions make up the United Kingdom ?
What does Time Warner own ?
Where did the Roma People come from ?
What language do most Native Americans speak ?
What kind of political system does Iran have ?
Where was Anne Hathaway born ?
Who did Bryce Dallas Howard play in Eclipse ?
Who owns Audi 2011 ?
Where did Andrew Young go to school ?
Who started Twa Airlines ?
What are the two dialects of Chinese ?
Who was Michael Jackson in The Wiz ?
Where is Washington dc located what state ?
What county is Duluth in ?
What state in Chicago in ?
What is the major language spoken in Greece ?
Who wrote luke bryan's Drunk On You ?
What time is it in Japan 24 Hour Clock ?
What part of the atom did Chadwick discover ?
What state is Barack Obama senator for ?
What kinda music does John Mayer sing ?
What will happen to Greece when it defaults ?
What Boudicca do ?
What Oprah thinks about god ?
What language do Brazil speak ?
Where did sir John A Macdonald die ?
What kind of money in Aruba ?
What is the date today in Perth ?
Where did Martin Luther King Jr get shot ?
What country does Spanish come from ?
What is south korea's Capital City ?
Who was Darth Vader in Episode 3 ?
When does Ellen air ?
What is the currency in the Republic Of Congo ?
What does Obama have a degree in ?
Who is the political leader of Japan ?
What country did Giovanni Da Verrazano represent ?
When was Saint Nicholas died ?
What countries does Germany share borders with ?
What city is the Jacksonville Jaguars from ?
When is the last time the Raiders won a championship ?
Where is the Time Zone in Florida ?
Who created Youtube and when ?
What county is Clearwater Fl in ?
What type of political system is Spain ?
What happened to Farrah and her Baby Daddy ?
What are the names of Snoopy brothers and sisters ?
What is the Laguna Beach Theme Song ?
What was the cause of death for Edgar Allan Poe ?
What is thomas edison's most famous for ?
What does Jennifer Lopez do ?
What country was Dmitri Mendeleev born ?
Where did pres Obama go to high school ?
What is the Capital City of West Germany ?
What money system does Australia use ?
When did Herman Cain run for president ?
Who is Caroline Spencer jr s father ?
When is the Us Open tennis mens final 2011 ?
Where does president Barack Obama live ?
Where does Nick Diaz fight ?
Where did St Louis Tornado hit ?
What did Whitney Houston die of ?
What movies has Selena Gomez starred in ?
What highschool did Khloe Kardashian go to ?
Who is the 2011 Heisman Trophy winner ?
What to do in Midland Tx this weekend ?
Who played freddy in Friday The 13Th ?
What contribution did Hooke made to science in 1665 ?
What countries make up Great Britain and what are their capitals ?
What did Eli Whitney invented ?
What movies has Angelina Jolie in ?
What Radio Station does Uga Football come on ?
Who owns the Chrysler Corporation ?
Where was George Washington originally from ?
What country Christopher Columbus from ?
Who was Michael J Fox ?
What movies did Jenna Dewan play in ?
What is the Bosnian language ?
What is father name of Salman Khan ?
Where is Shawn Johnson gymnast from ?
What kind of money does the Ivory Coast use ?
What writers influenced Charles Dickens ?
Where is Roger Federer from sui ?
What money should i bring to Dominican ?
What is michael buble's style of music ?
Where did the Florida Marlins ?
What movies did Taylor Lautner star in ?
What did Nixon do when he was president ?
What do Egyptians speak ?
What language did the Egyptians ?
Who plays Sarah Marshall ?
What did Skinner believe ?
When did Babe Ruth Start Playing baseball in the mlb ?
What type of monarchy did england have during the Glorious Revolution ?
Who plays marlo on The Wire ?
What is the Zip Code for Inglewood California ?
Who was the first actor to play Edward Quartermaine ?
Where did the founder of Google go to college ?
What currency is used in Germany 2012 ?
What made Roald Dahl famous ?
What school did Martin Luther King Jr attend ?
Who did Lenny Kravitz marry ?
What is the second Official Language of Canada ?
Who coached the Dallas Cowboys in 1996 ?
What country did ponce De Leon live in ?
What is the language called in Russia ?
What does the name Austin stand for ?
Who does Hank Baskett play for now nov 2010 ?
Who was the President Of The Us in 1971 ?
What team did Ronaldo play for ?
What to do today in Birmingham uk ?
Who was Timothy Mcveigh accomplice ?
How old is the current president of North Korea ?
What show does Tamera Mowry play on ?
What language do the people speak in Australia ?
What college is in Greeley Colorado ?
What countries does the Niger River flow through ?
What is the official state flower of Arizona ?
What religion are most people in Pakistan ?
Where is Pyramids located in egypt ?
What games did Bungie make ?
Who does Cristiano Ronaldo play for 2012 ?
What type of laws did Mary Harris Jones demand ?
What team did Kobe Bryant play for first ?
What kind of government does Vietnam have ?
What language do the speak in Switzerland ?
Where to stay in Rome neighborhood ?
What style of art did Van Gogh produce ?
What is American Pie about song ?
What are Portuguese people considered ?
What movies did Angelina Jolie star in ?
Where was ancient Carthage located ?
What type of paintings did Marc Chagall do ?
What did Heisenberg say about electrons ?
What movies did Howard Shore wrote the music for ?
What does Chilean people speak ?
What were Frederick Douglass achievements ?
Who plays kenneth on 30 Rock ?
When do they have the Olympics ?
What is Zip Code for Davenport Iowa ?
Where is riley's farm located ?
Who is the current coach of the New York Knicks ?
What was the name of william shakespeare's children ?
What organization did Dr. Carter g. woodson found ?
Who owns the Steelers Football Team ?
What currency does Jamaica accept ?
Who played Howard Stern in Private Parts ?
When countries joined the European Union ?
What inventions did Leonardo Da Vinci made ?
Which team does Ronaldinho play for ?
Where is Eric Cantor from ?
What is the currency of Sweden called ?
What school did Cam Newton go to before auburn ?
Where did Tim Mcgraw grew up ?
When did Ny Giants win the superbowl ?
When did Kerry run for president ?
What'S sweden's currency ?
What currency does Greece use ?
Who does Sonny Bill Williams play for 2012 ?
Who are senators from Utah ?
What is the Zip Code for Georgetown Ga ?
Who did Michael Vick play for in 2008 ?
When was the last Shark Attack in Maui ?
What type of government did Egypt have ?
Where is Rihanna from ethnically ?
Where was the Assyrian Civilization located ?
What did baron de Montesquieu die from ?
Who are the Current Senators from Illinois ?
What do do in Nashville Tn ?
What inventions did Robert Hooke made ?
Who plays Patrick Jane wife ?
What team does Derrick Rose play for ?
What countries do New Zealand export to ?
What type of government does the former Soviet Union have ?
What illness did Huell Howser died of ?
What car models does Gm make ?
Which Legend Of Zelda game is the first ?
What nationality is Zack De La Rocha ?
What did Mozart die from ?
What years have the Steelers won the Super Bowl ?
What did Doc Holliday die from ?
What countries does Britain own ?
What government does France have ?
Who played dorothy in the film Wizard Of Oz ?
Who was the owner of Kfc ?
Where did Robin Gibb die ?
What countries are on the Mediterranean Sea ?
What languages do they speak in Russia ?
Who plays Jim Halpert ?
When were the Phillies founded ?
Who is john cabot's parents ?
What is the Capital City of Montana usa ?
Who succeeded William Mckinley as president ?
Where does Jamie Chung live ?
What George Washington Carver famous for ?
What is the Zip Code for Wildwood ?
What money currency does Canada use ?
Where did Bronx Tale take place ?
Who voices ray in Archer ?
What kind of money do they use in Russia ?
What does Uvm stand for college ?
Who plays Edward Elric ?
What was Samuel De Champlain searching for ?
Who plays Lola Bunny on the Looney Tunes show ?
What to do in Chicago this weekend with kids ?
What kind of money does Germany ?
Who did Walter Raleigh sail for ?
What cities are included in Maricopa County ?
Where did Frank Baum live ?
What time is the Grand Prix starting ?
What are the places to see in Dubai ?
Where is Johnny Depp from ?
What characters does Todd Haberkorn voice ?
Where the Latin language come from ?
What language do Pakistani People Talk ?
What does China border ?
When does the Russian League start ?
What was Alice Walker famous for ?
Where did Michael Jackson went to school ?
Where do Haitian People come from ?
Where is the Time Zone in Kentucky ?
What albums did John Frusciante play on ?
What influenced whitman's poetry ?
What did Martin Luther King Jr do in his life ?
What kind of legal system does Australia have ?
Where did Jimmy Hoffa live ?
What role did Frederick Douglass play in the abolition movement ?
Where people speak Welsh ?
What children's books did Suzanne Collins wrote ?
What state Obama was born ?
What is the Zip Code for Morgantown in ?
Who is Democritus and what did he discover ?
Who plays Bella on Twilight ?
Where did Gettysburg start ?
Who does Cristiano Ronaldo play for in 2010 ?
Where did Elvis Presley live before he died ?
What is the currency of Germany in 2010 ?
What to do in Daytona ?
Who does Paul Walker play in Fast And Furious ?
Who was the Vice President during George W Bush ?
Where did Kevin Hart go to school ?
Where Gm cars are built ?
What kind of money do Japanese use ?
Where does the name Melbourne come from ?
What currency do the Ukraine use ?
What kind of money does Chile use ?
What currency do Italy have ?
What are Spanish speaking countries and their capitals ?
What language does people from Denmark speak ?
What did Susan Atkins die of ?
What type of currency does Brazil use ?
Who plays Tommy Oliver in Power Rangers ?
What year did Dwight Howard won the Slam Dunk Contest ?
What country did Marco Polo come from ?
What were hitler's parents names ?
When was the first pope of the Catholic Church ?
What did Amerigo Vespucci explore ?
What currency do i bring to Cuba ?
Where did Patrick Henry live ?
What kind of government does Mongolia ?
What are some Native American holidays ?
Where did Jesse James die ?
Where is Spain located what continent ?
What form of government is the Philippines ?
Who plays Stewie Griffin on Family Guy ?
What are the two major religions in Canada ?
What kind of government do the Canadians have ?
What happened to Sir Thomas Cromwell ?
What food is from China ?
Who plays stewie griffin's voice ?
Who did butler beat last night ?
What are the mountains in Peru called ?
Which kardashians are having babies ?
What is South America made up of ?
What team does Plaxico Burress play for ?
Where English is spoken in the world ?
Where is Victoria Beckham from ?
What office does Paul Ryan hold ?
What type of government does Fiji have 2010 ?
What country is the Iberian Peninsula located in ?
Who is Daniel in the bible ?
Who played marty mcfly's dad ?
What is george washington's legacy ?
Where to stay in Bermuda tripadvisor ?
Which airport is closest to Barcelona port ?
Who is Jojo Simmons mother ?
Where do Cherry Trees grow in the United States ?
Who plays John Connor in Terminator Salvation ?
What year Doug Williams won the Super Bowl ?
What country was Osama Bin Laden killed in ?
Where did James Cook go on his voyages ?
Who won the governor election in Michigan ?
Where did Heidi Klum and seal get married ?
What kind of experiments did Humphrey Davy do ?
Who created the Chinese Communist Party ?
What timezone is New England usa in ?
What happened to rev. Robert Schuller ?
Who plays the voice of meg in Family Guy ?
What can you visit in London ?
What form of government does North Korea ?
Where is located Cornell University ?
Who speaks Arabic language ?
Who played the parents in Ferris Bueller Day Off ?
What dialects are spoken in the Uk ?
What should i visit in Venice ?
Where James Madison was born ?
When was the last time Iran invaded another country ?
What did the Ottoman Empire look like ?
What team does Kareem Abdul Jabbar play for ?
Who is Jeff Probst ex wife ?
Where is Tsonga born ?
What island is Bethany Hamilton from ?
What is paige halliwell's powers ?
What did Jean Jacques Rousseau write ?
What city is the state capital of Washington ?
What does Shawn Johnson do ?
What was the Reagan administration known for ?
Where did Nadia Boulanger live ?
What year did Michael Jordan get drafted ?
What airport do you fly into Maui ?
Who does Mark Sanchez play for ?
What sea does the Yangtze River empty into ?
What are the main imports and exports of Afghanistan ?
What movies have Gerard Butler been in ?
What country is beside France ?
What type of government Germany have ?
What is there to do in Montpelier Vt ?
Who is the leader of Japan right now ?
When did Michael Jordan started Playing Basketball in the nba ?
What movies were Michael Clarke Duncan ?
In which city was president Kennedy killed ?
Where is Martin Cooper from ?
What is charlie sheen's dad's name ?
How much Mlb teams are there ?
What office does Boehner hold ?
Where do the Baltimore Ravens play ?
What sport do the Harlem Globetrotters play ?
Who was Betty White married too ?
Where is Poe buried now ?
Where is Danish located ?
What is the best neighborhood to live in Dallas ?
Who plays Mary Jane in Spiderman 2 ?
What languages do Scottish people speak ?
What type of money does Brazil have ?
Who started Mary Kay ?
What types of government does France have ?
Where is Mount St Helens ?
Who are the players on the Toronto Maple Leafs ?
What present day countries use English as their national language ?
In which continent is Russia ?
What to do in Ottawa Ontario today ?
Where did Paul Ryan live ?
Who is Galileo Galilei and what is he famous for ?
What is The Australian Open called ?
What is the money currency in Guatemala ?
Where is Angola located ?
What is Tibetan language ?
What is the national Flag Of Russia ?
When did Maria Sharapova Start Playing tennis ?
What sort of government does Canada have ?
What country does Mexico trade with ?
What form of government does Australia ?
What are the official languages of Jamaica ?
Where did Harriet Tubman live after the Civil War ?
Who was the voice of Simba ?
Which country did James Cook sailed for ?
What is the capital of Oregon ?
What do Spain call their money ?
What happened after the Invasion Of Normandy ?
Who did James Franco play on General Hospital ?
Which party did Lincoln belong to ?
Who plays Saruman in Lord Of The Rings ?
Where is the best place to visit in the Bahamas ?
What is the currency of Mexico called ?
What teams did Shaq Play 4 ?
What currency does Turkey accept ?
Who was Vice President under Lincoln ?
What state is the George Washington University in ?
Where did Andreas Vesalius die ?
Where did Paul Ryan attend college ?
Who is Ronaldo playing for now ?
What color are the Arizona Cardinals uniforms ?
When was George H.W. Bush elected president ?
Where was emperor Qin Shi Huang born ?
Where was the first Ford Motor Company located ?
Where the Seneca Indians lived ?
Which country does Irish Language come from ?
What did the Harlem Renaissance created ?
What movies Gerard Butler in ?
Where did Mendeleev died ?
Where is Glastonbury uk ?
What language did ancient Romans write in ?
What team does Diego Forlan currently play for ?
What other movies is Liam Hemsworth in ?
What to do downtown San Francisco ?
What kind of cancer did Bob Marley died from ?
What religion did Jesus Christ follow ?
Who was Luke Skywalker played by ?
Who was the secretary of state when Richard Nixon was president ?
Who does the voice of kovu in Lion King ?
Where did Theodore Roosevelt live before he became president ?
What year was Tom Brady drafted ?
What party is Bloomberg affiliated with ?
Where does T Boone Pickens live ?
When did the Mets win the pennant ?
Where was Saint Paul from ?
What is the Capital City of Germany now ?
What countries does Japan export to ?
Where is Arabic the Official Language ?
What continent is Syria located in ?
What events does Stephanie Rice compete in ?
What happened to Nelson Mandela after he was released from jail ?
Where did Charlton Heston live ?
Where did Hurricane Irene ?
What region is Thailand located in ?
Who was president when the us Navy Department was established ?
Where to visit in Orlando Florida ?
Who are all the American Idol winners and runner ups ?
What sports do they have in China ?
What was Alexander Graham Bell known for ?
What band did Joe Satriani play in ?
What did Mitch Hedberg od on ?
Who did u.s. fight against in Ww1 ?
What season did Jason Priestley leave 90210 ?
Who Wrote 2 Timothy 4 ?
Which three countries share a land border with Cambodia ?
What country was Juan Ponce De Leon from ?
Where to go in Florida for vacation ?
What does the Soviet Star represent ?
What college did Steve Nash play basketball for ?
Who plays Shao Kahn ?
What did Douglas Engelbart invent ?
Where did chef Chuck Hughes go to school ?
Who plays Marvin Eriksen ?
What did James Madison wrote ?
Where is Fiat Abarth made ?
Where was Tommy Steele born ?
What does Chad Michael Murray play in ?
What team does Derek Fisher play for 2012 ?
What are some important events in Ancient Egypt ?
Who was sworn into office when John F Kennedy was assassinated ?
What date did the Earthquake In Christchurch happen ?
When did Mcgee join the ncis team ?
Where are you if you're in Khartoum ?
Where did Fred West work ?
Where is University Of Auburn ?
What countries are around Egypt ?
What did Julia Roberts won an oscar for ?
What year did Mitt Romney first run for president ?
Who is engaged to John Legend ?
What Nestle owns ?
Who won Governor Of Indiana 2012 ?
Where did the Allied Invasion Of France take place ?
Where does the St. Joe river start ?
Where did Alex Smith play high school football ?
Where is Pyramids Of Giza located ?
When does Nasdaq start trading ?
Who plays kermit in The Muppets Movie ?
What kind of government does Iran have today ?
What is African American Literature ?
What are the Primary Languages of France ?
What language do they speak in Guyana South America ?
What year were the New York Yankees established ?
What games do Japanese People play ?
What city was Nelson Mandela born in ?
What time does Independence Center open on sundays ?
Where did the Navajo Tribe live ?
What did Frankie Lymon die from ?
What to see near Austin ?
Where did Trey Songz go to high school ?
What was Matthias Schleiden known for ?
What country was Jesus born ?
When was Louisiana entered into the union ?
Who is Kristen Stewart parents ?
When did Mary Shelley write Frankenstein what were the circumstances ?
What was Vietnam War fought for ?
What is Kate Spade ?
What age can a woman retire in Australia ?
What team does Lamar Odom play for 2013 ?
Who founded the American Federation Of Labor Afl in 1886 ?
Where is Louisville Ne ?
Where does Missouri River end ?
What team is Hank Baskett playing for in 2010 ?
Where is Italian spoken around the world ?
What is currency in Panama ?
What undergraduate school did Martin Luther King Jr. attend ?
What 5 countries border Romania ?
When was the last time the Kansas City Chiefs won a superbowl ?
Where did Will Smith go to high school ?
Where is United Arab located ?
Where is Kate Middleton Spending Christmas ?
What other movies has Liam Hemsworth ?
What is Duncan Bannatyne ?
What was Caesar Augustus known for ?
When did bradley cooper's dad die ?
Which countries border the Baltic Sea ?
What to do in Perth scotland ?
Who is Keyshia Cole married too ?
Who does Christine Gregoire represent ?
What were some inventions of Leonardo Da Vinci ?
What college did Tosh . O go to ?
Who plays sam in Anger Management ?
What type of strings does Willie Nelson use ?
Who did Heidi Klum date before seal ?
What type of voting system does Australia have ?
Where did President Andrew Jackson grew up ?
What did Ivan Pavlov invented ?
What countries and seas border Ukraine ?
Where The Murray River located ?
Where was Joe Biden a senator ?
What is the money currency in Italy ?
Where was Adolf Hitler died ?
What percent of Mississippi is black ?
What year did Reggie Bush get drafted ?
What was Sherlock Holmes famous for ?
Who is number 5 on the Boston Celtics ?
What does Sirius Black wand look like ?
Who is Roger Bacon inventor of ?
Where are the libyan refugees going ?
What city was Woodstock held in ?
Who do Pagans believe is god ?
What was one thing Benjamin Franklin is famous for ?
What did John Williams play ?
Where does the Uk import from ?
Who started Southwest Airlines ?
Who is the current president of Colombia 2011 ?
What was the name of the book that Charles Darwin wrote ?
Who might Arthur Miller think would ?
Who is Abraham descended from ?
What did Atticus Finch do ?
What type of cancer did Patrick Swayze die from ?
What was james madison's job ?
What language does people in France speak ?
Where is the Spratly Islands located ?
Where did Hammurabi come from ?
Who does queen Elizabeth hair ?
What teams did Robert Horry won rings with ?
What timezone is Colorado in ?
What did Charles Dickens writer ?
Where is St Helens Park nsw ?
Who killed David Ruffin ?
Where did James Franco study acting ?
What is d Capital City of South Africa ?
Into what Language Family does English fall ?
Who does New Zealand import from ?
Who is mexico's president right now 2011 ?
What are the different dialects of Chinese ?
What city was Kennedy shot ?
Who owns the Sf Giants owner ?
What is the name of the Alabama state tree ?
What is the capital of Kentucky known for its bluegrass ?
What money do you use in Aruba ?
Where did Apostle Paul grow up ?
What was Karl Marx beliefs ?
Which countries share land border with Vietnam ?
Who did Queen Mary marry ?
Where did Japan invade to get resources ?
Who is the Chicago Bulls Head Coach ?
What type of money do you use in Cuba ?
Where in georgia does Usher live ?
Who are the two state senators of Georgia ?
What type of government does Australia use ?
What language do people in Czech Republic speak ?
Who plays Riley Finn on buffy the Vampire Slayer ?
What kind of political system is Canada ?
Who plays Giles in buffy the Vampire Slayer ?
Who voices Lola Bunny in Looney Tunes ?
What did Charles Babbage create in the 1800s ?
Who voices Anakin in The Clone Wars ?
What did Hitler hate ?
Who plays faramir in Lord Of The Rings ?
When is the last time Chicago Bulls won a championship ?
What is Jonathan Swift famous for ?
What is the Holy Book in Taoism ?
Where was dr Luther King Jr born ?
Where French Revolution ?
Who does Peyton Manning Play 4 ?
When is the Diwali festival ?
What professional Baseball Team did Michael Jordan play for ?
Where is Bob Marley grave ?
What did Hitler do bad ?
Where is Murray Kentucky ?
What Time Zone is Anaheim Ca ?
Where is Mount Vernon texas ?
What countries are included in the Netherlands ?
What is Caesar Augustus known for ?
What form of government is Israel ?
What year did the Florida Marlins win their 2nd world Series Title ?
Who is Timothy Hutton married to ?
What guitar does Duane Allman play ?
What is the speech I Have A Dream about Martin Luther King ?
What is the biggest country in Europe by population ?
What team does Hank Baskett play for 2011 season ?
What happened to Mike Tyson ?
What are the African nations ?
Where did Dr. Martin Luther King jr. go to school ?
What channel is Game Show Network on Time Warner Cable ?
What is the Senate responsible for ?
What party did Paul Keating belong to ?
What book did W.E.B. Dubois wrote ?
What are romney's sons names ?
Where is Art Smith from ?
What films did Michael Clarke Duncan star in ?
What time does Arkansas play football today ?
What are the major imports and exports of Canada ?
What other political offices has Obama been in ?
What airport do you fly into for Clearwater Florida ?
What to do in Venice Beach Ca ?
What college did Russell Wilson go to ?
What inspired Van Gogh work ?
Where is Fresno Texas located ?
What is wrong with Robin Roberts ?
Where to go in downtown Nashville Tn ?
What type of government does Mexico use ?
What team Rasheed Wallace ?
What is the timezone in England called ?
What airport is closest to Palm Springs ?
What was abe lincoln's wife name ?
What team does Pudge Rodriguez play for ?
What form of government do we have in the Usa ?
Who are Famous People from Spain ?
When did Shaq come to the nba ?
What empire did Maria Theresa rule ?
Where is Texas Rangers home stadium ?
What movie is Angelina Jolie directing ?
What language do they speak Brazil ?
Who is Jimmy Fallon married to ?
What country is Russia close to ?
Who is the coach of Inter Milan now ?
Where are John Deere Snow Blowers made ?
What is the money called in Peru ?
What movies did Kristen Stewart act in ?
What Art Movement does Vincent Van Gogh belong to ?
What county is Orlando Fl in ?
What music did Robert Pattinson do for Twilight ?
What type of government is the Philippines ?
What do you call Russian currency ?
Where did Sir Donald Bradman live ?
What are the holydays of obligation in the Catholic Church 2013 ?
What is the name of the Broncos mascot ?
What caused the Russian Financial Crisis Of 1998 ?
What kind government does the Us have ?
What does Jamaican people speak ?
What did James K Polk do before he was president ?
What is the Oregon Ducks 2012 football schedule ?
Who plays Ken Barlow in Coronation Street ?
What happened after mr. Sugihara died ?
Who did mozart write his four Horn Concertos for ?
Where is Jamarcus Russell from ?
Where was George Washington Carver from ?
What else did Ben Franklin invent ?
Who was Richard Nixon married to ?
What country did germany invade first in Ww1 ?
What is the best sandals resort in St Lucia ?
Who is governor of Ohio 2011 ?
Who was Vice President after Kennedy died ?
Where is the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Plant located ?
Who is the Minority Leader Of The House Of Representatives now ?
What countries are part of the Uk ?
Who plays Bilbo Baggins in the hobbit ?
What things did Martin Luther King do ?
What is my timezone in Louisiana ?
What did st Augustine do ?
Who is Keyshia Cole dad ?
What kind government does Egypt have ?
What town was Martin Luther King assassinated in ?
Where did Edgar Allan Poe died ?
When did Charles Goodyear invented rubber ?
What to do today in Atlanta with kids ?
Who did france surrender to in Ww2 ?
What electorate does Anna Bligh represent ?
What channel is the usa pageant on ?
What are some of the traditions of Islam ?
Where did Andy Murray started Playing Tennis ?
What is the Australian Dollar called ?
What timezone is Sweden ?
Who did Cam Newton sign with ?
What county is Frederick Md in ?
What highschool did Harper Lee go to ?
What timezone is Utah in ?
Who did George W. Bush run against for the second term ?
Who is niall ferguson's wife ?
Who was the leader of Soviet Union during wwii ?
Where is the Galapagos Islands located on a world map ?
What are the songs that Justin Bieber wrote ?
What did George Clemenceau do ?
What is the state flower of Arizona ?
Where was Rihanna born and raised ?
What year did president William Henry Harrison take office ?
Where George Lopez was born ?
Where are Samsung based ?
What did the Islamic people believe in ?
What did the scientist Chadwick discovered ?
Who will play Mr Gray in the film ?
What did George Orwell died of ?
Who won the Battle Of Gettysburg union or confederate ?
What country did Adolf Hitler control ?
Who is Michael Buble ?
What county is Kansas City Kansas ?
What was John Quincy Adams famous for ?
Who did Jackie Robinson first play for ?
When did Annie open ?
Where did Eleanor Roosevelt die ?
What are the religions practiced in Indonesia ?
What was Jesse James killed with ?
Who was vp for Lincoln ?
What other books did Charles Dickens write ?
Who was the first dictator of the Soviet Union ?
What is the currency of Puerto Rico called ?
What kind of cancer did Carl Wilson have ?
Who plays the voice of kitt in Knight Rider ?
What county is Brentwood Tennessee in ?
Who is moira en X Men ?
Who did Michael J Fox marry ?
What battles did Stonewall Jackson fight in ?
What language do the Maasai tribe speak ?
Who did Benjamin Franklin get married to ?
What disease did Patrick Swayze died from ?
What works of art did Leonardo Da Vinci produce ?
What capital of Austria ?
What type of cancer did Eva Peron have ?
What country did Buddha come from ?
What county is Greeley Colorado in ?
Where is the Ellen Degenerous Show filmed ?
What did Peter Tchaikovsky do ?
Which countries speak German officially ?
What type of music did John Lennon sing ?
Who are the Colorado representatives ?
Which country does Greenland belong to ?
What the Zip Code for Seattle Washington ?
Who is Willow Smith mom name ?
What do you call the Chinese writing system ?
Who played on The Jeffersons ?
What is the name of the San Francisco newspaper ?
What made the Soviet Union fall ?
What continent does Armenia belong to ?
What did Randy Savage died of ?
What was the title of the book Charles Darwin wrote ?
Where did Richard Nixon die ?
What songs does Smokey Robinson sing ?
Who was Vice President when Jfk was president ?
What is Serbian language called ?
What language is spoken in Haiti today ?
What are the names of the city states in Ancient Greece ?
Who played Barbara Gordon batgirl ?
What basketball teams has Shaq played for ?
Where is Jay Leno from ?
What language do people from Thailand speak ?
Who did Armie Hammer play in the Social Network ?
What was Thomas Jefferson role in the declaration of independence ?
What was the book written by Charles Darwin ?
Who did Tim Tebow play College Football for ?
Who does Peyton Manning play football for ?
Where is the Carpathian Mountain Range located ?
What was Robert Burns ?
What did Anton Van Leeuwenhoek contribute to our knowledge of cells ?
Who did the voice of Darth Vader in Episode 3 ?
What Super Bowl did Peyton Manning win ?
Which country was Justin Bieber born in ?
Where are Yamaha Outboard Motors manufactured ?
Who fought in the Gulf War 1991 ?
Who plays London Tipton in Suite Life On Deck ?
What was the ancient Chinese writing system ?
What team did David Beckham play for in 2011 ?
Where did Francisco Coronado come from ?
What all does Google now do ?
What language does Egyptian people speak ?
What are Abraham sons names ?
Who wrote the Jana Gana Mana ?
What type of cancer did Gilda Radner die of ?
Who plays Juni Cortez ?
What was Lucille Ball ?
Who did Carrie Ann Inaba get engaged to ?
Who inspired Obama ?
Who is Michael J Fox wife ?
Where did Dolly Parton grow up ?
What type of books did Agatha Christie wrote ?
Who is the woman that John Edwards had an affair with ?
What is Jimi Hendrix Purple Haze about ?
Where can i go running in Sacramento ?
What are the four main Languages Spoken in Spain ?
Where is the Nra headquarters located ?
What is the song Anna Kendrick sings in Pitch Perfect ?
Who is gimli's father in the hobbit ?
Who developed the Tcp ip reference model ?
Who led the Campaign In The Shenandoah Valley ?
Who founded the Pittsburgh Steelers in 1933 ?
What college did Albert Einstein go to ?
What team does Jordan own ?
Who is the state governor of Tennessee ?
Who is Eli Whitney and what did he invent ?
What do Portuguese people speak ?
What language does Cuba speak ?
Where did Aaron Rodgers go to high school ?
Where Herman Cain stance on the issues ?
What are the sights to see in Madrid ?
What instruments did Louis Armstrong play ?
What year was George W Bush elected ?
What Time Zone am i in California ?
Where is Mission San Buenaventura located ?
Who was the Italian leader in ww1 ?
What time in Hilo Hawaii ?
Where did Rudolf Virchow conduct his research ?
What university did Gordon Brown attend ?
What countries does Greece share borders with ?
What year did the Seahawks win the superbowl ?
What did Stephen Hawking become famous for ?
Who plays Donna Noble ?
What was Dr Seuss education ?
Where did Queensland get its name from ?
What document did James Madison write ?
What are the three official languages of Belgium ?
Who played Bilbo in lord of the rings ?
What airport do you fly into to get to Destin Fl ?
What do you call members of the Senate ?
What countries are part of the Baltic ?
What team does Colin Kaepernick play for ?
Where did Joe Flacco attend college ?
Who is Emma Stone father ?
Where was Theodore Roosevelt buried ?
Who was the leader of the us during Wwii ?
What artistic movement did Henri Matisse belong to ?
Where the Missouri River ends ?
What type of currency do they use in Thailand ?
Who is khloe kardashian's husband ?
What years did Romney serve as governor ?
What state does Romney live in ?
What type of government does France use ?
Who rules Denmark right now ?
What did Stephen Hawking study ?
Where did Bristol Palin go to school ?
What region of the world is Egypt associated with ?
What did Dr. Seuss do ?
Where did Drew Brees go to college wikianswers ?
What are Republicans views on Health Care ?
What school did Ben Roethlisberger go to ?
Where did the Iroquois indians come from ?
What kind of guitar did George Harrison use ?
What language do Navajo people speak ?
What places make up New England ?
What are the landlocked countries in Latin America ?
What type of government does Iraq have now ?
Where was the Vietnam War location ?
Who did Gerald Ford select as his Vice President when he became president ?
What is the currency used in Italy ?
Who is Jamie Little engaged to ?
What is the capital of modern Egypt ?
What school did Sir Ernest Rutherford go to ?
What position does Brandon Roy play ?
Where is Harvard University ?
What does Janelle Brown work ?
Where is Laos in world map ?
Where is Tyrese Gibson from ?
What countries are near Italy ?
Which states does the Colorado River run through ?
Who did Scarlett Johansson date ?
Which continents were part of the Roman Empire ?
Where was Elvis Costello born ?
Where are the Gobi Desert located on a map ?
What type of government does the Us follow ?
In which continent is Germany ?
When did the Wright Brothers created their first plane ?
What language Turkey people speak ?
Who does Jeremy Lin play for ?
Where is the Seychelles on world map ?
What is the Average Temperature in Phoenix Az in december ?
Where did William Morris go to college ?
What state is Mount St. Helens in ?
Who is Jimmy Savile ?
Where were the Seneca Indians located ?
What is William Taft known for ?
What state is Washington D.C. located ?
Where to exchange euros in New York City ?
When did Florida Marlins join mlb ?
What countries have Spanish as the national language ?
What to see in Phoenix Arizona ?
What countries does the Panama Canal go through ?
What is Charlie Chaplin famous for ?
Who did Paul Revere marry ?
What did Fred Durst do ?
Who did the Chargers draft in 2011 ?
Where do American Bulldogs originate from ?
What colleges did Albert Einstein teach at ?
Who plays the voice of brian on Family Guy ?
What make of bike did Steve Mcqueen ride in The Great Escape ?
Where did George W Bush live as a child ?
Which Dawkins book to read first ?
What year was the first Miss America Pageant held ?
What was Nikola Tesla inventions ?
Where did Flemish People come from ?
What state New York City belong to ?
What was the cause of death for Bruce Lee ?
What type of government does Usa follow ?
What type of currency do they use in England ?
Where was Benjamin Franklin educated ?
What countries included in the Uk ?
What countries in the world speak Chinese ?
Where Obama went to school ?
What is the Primary Language of China ?
Who was the Soviet leader during world war ii ?
Which of the following does Australia export the most ?
Where was David Berkowitz arrested ?
Where was The City Of David ?
What is Cindy Sherman known for ?
What tv shows did Shawnee Smith play in ?
What are aristotle's contributions to science ?
What does Australia use for currency ?
Which airport to fly into Rome ?
What is there to do for fun in Kansas City ?
Where was Martin Luther King Jr raised ?
What year was Lebron James Rookie Season ?
Where does Delaware River start ?
What kind of monarchy does Japan have ?
Where did mitt romney's parents come from ?
What places in Japan were bombed ?
When did Michael Jordan return to the nba ?
What type of economy exists in China ?
What is the currency in Egypt 2012 ?
Where was Mission San Rafael located ?
Who was esther's husband ?
Who'S dating Claire Danes ?
What county is St Paul Va in ?
What produce does Florida export ?
What type of sports do Japanese play ?
Which countries share a border with Russia ?
What did Drita find out ?
Where did the Latin language originate from ?
When does The Mayan Calendar end exactly ?
What school did Karl Benz go to ?
What movies has Carmen Electra been in ?
When does Jewish New Year start ?
When do World War ii end ?
What do Christians believe about heaven hell and purgatory ?
Where did Morgan Freeman graduate ?
Who did Queen Elizabeth 1 executed ?
Where is Arabic most spoken ?
Who was Carolus Linnaeus ?
What type of government does Germany have now ?
What kind of government does Libya have today ?
What Time Zone is Anaheim California ?
What year did the Orioles go to the world series ?
What would ap xin zhao do ?
Who is sir Francis Bacon ?
What were amelia earhart's achievements ?
What are the official colors of the Dallas Cowboys ?
Where did Margaret Hoover go to college ?
What is Jamie Oliver children names ?
Where does Bradley Walsh live ?
Who is the Head Coach of Inter Milan ?
Where does the Shannon River start and end ?
Who did Reese Witherspoon get married to ?
Where did Dutch Language come from ?
What kind of money should i take to Costa Rica ?
Where is the Ufc headquarters ?
Who plays Captain Kirk in Star Trek ?
Who does Albert Pujols play for 2012 ?
What kind of government is Sweden ?
Where was Country Singer George Jones born ?
What did Shakespeare become famous for ?
Where does Russia import from ?
What is the money of Switzerland called ?
What to see near Grand Canyon ?
When did the Jews stop making Animal Sacrifices ?
What do people in Australia speak ?
What has Ian Somerhalder acted in ?
What movies did Ron Howard director ?
What role did Alexander Hamilton play in the constitution ?
Who is Shakira married to ?
What did Gerald R Ford die from ?
What two continents is Turkey on ?
Where did Kevin Love go to college ?
What type of government was formed when Italy unified ?
What was the Ancient Egyptians spoken language ?
Where was the Temple Of Karnak built ?
Who is the senior senator of Louisiana ?
What movies did Morgan Freeman star in ?
Who did John Kennedy have affairs with ?
What type of money to take to Cuba ?
What currency should you take to Morocco ?
Who is Mary Mcleod Bethune for kids ?
What do they call money in Japan ?
What nationality is Mother Teresa ?
Who is Richard Pryor son ?
What countries share borders with Spain ?
What countries have English as their Official Language ?
What International Organizations is China part of ?
What county is West St Paul in ?
What college did Magic Johnson play for ?
Who does Donnie Wahlberg play in The Sixth Sense ?
What did baron de Montesquie influence ?
What do australians call Bigfoot ?
Who did Carlos Boozer play for ?
What countries share a land border with Indonesia ?
Who owns the Portland Press Herald ?
What did Albert Speer design ?
Who does Jordan Palmer play for ?
What Art Movement did Leonardo Da Vinci belong to ?
What time does American Horror Story air ?
What airport is near Arlington Tx ?
Who did Vasco De Gama explore for ?
What type of government does the Us Constitution set up ?
What team does Heskey play for ?
Where did Emperor Hirohito live ?
What to do and see in Vienna austria ?
When did conflict start in Ireland ?
When did the lakers 3 Peat ?
What bible do Catholics follow ?
What is there to do in Peoria Illinois ?
What language do British speak ?
What makes Elvis Presley famous ?
What high school did Lil Wayne graduate from ?
Who is Washington Redskins backup qb ?
What language do people speak in the Netherlands ?
What are the major Languages Spoken in Greece ?
What movies has John Williams score ?
What to do in Richardson dallas ?
What type of artist is Henri Matisse ?
What was the first book Charles Dickens wrote ?
What books did Agatha Christie wrote ?
What school did Michael Jordan attend ?
Which Continental Congress approve the Declaration Of Independence ?
What year does Hitler die ?
Where is Mount St Helens volcano ?
What shows are shot in New York ?
What book did Tupac write ?
What language do Chinese people write in ?
What was Robert Burns famous for ?
When did William Mckinley died ?
How deep is Lake Merritt oakland ?
Who is the next Governor Of Indiana ?
What are the important holidays of Islam ?
What type of music did Claude Debussy play ?
When was the last time the Toronto Maple Leafs were in the Stanley Cup Finals ?
What currency does Russia use 2012 ?
What team is Hank Baskett on 2010 ?
What are the two official languages of Paraguay ?
Who is Hammurabi and what did he do ?
What state is the Steelers from ?
What college did Sir Isaac Newton go to ?
What are the School Colors for Harvard University ?
Where is the University Of The Rockies located ?
What disease does Robin Roberts have ?
What was the Capital City of the East Roman Empire ?
Who plays Edward Scissorhands ?
What does Joey Jordison play in Slipknot ?
What kind of language does Turkey speak ?
What was Lebron James first team ?
Who fought the Battle Of Gettysburg ?
Who is the coach of the Sf Giants ?
Where can you go on eco holidays in the Uk ?
Who was the first president of the Afl ?
Where did Giuliana Rancic grow up ?
What are the Major Cities in Ukraine ?
Which university did Michael Bay graduated from ?
What did Queen Victoria say about the suffragettes ?
What is St Anthony Patron Saint of ?
Who does Brian Dawkins play for 2011 ?
What movies did Tupac star in ?
What form of currency does China have ?
Who plays Kenneth ?
What league are the Indianapolis Colts in ?
What country did Magellan represent ?
Where is Perpignan located ?
Who did Kim Richards marry ?
What happened in Bosnia in the 90s ?
When'S the last time the Steelers won the superbowl ?
Where does Archbishop Desmond Tutu live ?
Where English is spoken ?
Where is Giza Pyramids located ?
What is the Zip Code for Midland Tx ?
What states make up the Midwest us ?
Where do the Florida Marlins play Spring Training ?
What instruments does Justin Bieber use ?
What language does Australians speak ?
Who did Annie Oakley married ?
Who has played Lex Luthor ?
Where does the Zambezi River start ?
Where will Tebow go in 2013 ?
What is the Nigeria time ?
Where did they find jenni rivera's body ?
What university did Romney graduated from ?
Where is the Time Zone line in South Dakota ?
Where is Jason Mraz from ?
What killed John Bonham ?
What industry does Walmart operate in ?
What county is Texarkana Arkansas in ?
What team was Chris Paul on ?
What country was Slovakia ?
What music period did Beethoven live in ?
What did Laura Ingalls Wilder wrote ?
What type of government system does Italy have ?
What did John Irving wrote ?
What is the national flower of Hawaii ?
What did Alice Paul accomplish ?
Where to go fishing in Roanoke Va ?
What languages do they speak in Costa Rica ?
Where did Hank Marvin come from ?
When did Chipper Jones get drafted ?
What part did Winona Ryder play in Star Trek ?
What did president Carter do in office ?
What war did Hitler lose ?
Where did Jovan Belcher kill himself ?
Where is the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant ?
Where did Clay Matthews go to school ?
What time is it in texas Houston right now ?
Who is Princess Leia in Star Wars ?
What is the political structure of China ?
What is New York City airport ?
What language Brazil speak ?
Who played Obi Wan in Episode 2 ?
Where did Venus Williams come from ?
What currency is used in Panama ?
Where does the Zambezi River originate ?
What countries do the United Nations help ?
What team did Ronaldo play for in 2003 ?
Where does Robin Williams Live 2011 ?
Who played Jacob Black in Twilight ?
When was President John Adams elected ?
Who does Lee Clark manager ?
Which airport to fly into in Buenos Aires ?
Where to get a Marriage License in Long Island ?
What team did Adrian Peterson play for in college ?
Where does name Pennsylvania come from ?
What kind of money do they use in Germany ?
Who plays blaine in Batman ?
What did James Chadwick invent ?
What language does Australia use ?
What position did Vince Lombardi play in college ?
What kind of government did the United States have after the revolution ?
Who did Veronica Lake mary ?
Who did Sir Francis Drake marry ?
Who plays Stephanie Plum in One For The Money ?
What did the ancient Romans speak ?
What does Ringo sing ?
Where was St. Lucy born ?
What type of government does Australia have ?
Where is the University Of Maryland Medical School ?
What objects did Galileo see with his telescope ?
Where did Salvador Dali study art ?
Who was the father of King George Vi ?
What National Team does Cristiano Ronaldo play for ?
What flower is on the oklahoma quarter ?
What is the Zip Code for Trenton ?
What has Ashley Greene been in ?
Where did Al Qaeda attack ?
What language is spoken in Switzerland ?
Who was Philip in acts Chapter 8 ?
What islands did Darwin study finches on ?
What the Time Zone in England ?
What does Egfr African American mean on a blood test ?
What is the best currency to take to Turkey ?
What system of government is practiced in Nigeria ?
What else did Alexander Graham Bell invent other than the telephone ?
Where did Holly Madison get her Breast Implants ?
Who were Mary Shelley ?
What language do most Australians speak ?
Where is Denmark situated ?
Where was teddy roosevelt's house ?
What is the government system of Malaysia ?
What do people speak in Canada ?
What type of money do they use in Costa Rica ?
What timezone is Nashville Tn ?
What does the sun in the Philippine Flag represent ?
Who was Anakin Skywalker ?
Where did Adolf Hitler die ?
What is the largest nation in Europe ?
Where was the first Gulf War fought ?
Who are the senators of Virginia 2013 ?
What band was George Clinton in ?
What country borders Slovakia ?
What was James Garfield most known for ?
Where did Paula Deen go to school ?
Where does Robert Irvine come from ?
What style of music does Michael Jackson perform ?
What does David Beckham play ?
What does Julian Lennon do ?
What is the Milwaukee Brewers mascot ?
What is the second biggest state in the United States ?
Who led the Mexican Army at the Battle Of The Alamo ?
What has Charlie Hunnam been in ?
What are all the movies Taylor Swift has been in ?
What school did Michael Jackson go to high school ?
What college did Brett Favre ?
What time does registration open Portland State ?
Where did Alex Chilton die ?
What college did Martin Luther King Jr go to ?
Where is Harley Davidson made ?
What kind of cancer did Farrah Fawcett die of ?
Who is michael j fox's wife ?
What money do i use in Costa Rica ?
What guitar did Joe Walsh play ?
What are the official languages of the Eu ?
What is Ryan Seacrest radio show ?
What did African Americans do during the Revolutionary War ?
What language do most Italians speak ?
What broncos are in the Pro Bowl ?
What money do they use in Spain ?
What did Drew Barrymore go to rehab for ?
When is Saint George Day celebrated ?
What government did the Roman Empire have ?
Which country won the Crimean War ?
What instrument did Robin Gibb play ?
Who voiced Darth Vader ?
When was Abe Lincoln president ?
Where are the Texas Rangers playing ?
What did Andrew Johnson accomplish as president ?
What is Arkansas State Capitol ?
What is the best tour to Egypt ?
Where to go in Vietnam beaches ?
What is the Zip Code for Nogales az ?
When did Michael Vick Start Playing for the eagles ?
Where do Kfc get their chicken from ?
What is William Taft famous for ?
Who was Jesse James killed by ?
Where did Robin Cook die ?
Where did Melba Beals live ?
How large is Kony army ?
Who is Louisiana state senator ?
What are the 7 countries that are part of Central America ?
Where did Derek Fisher go to college ?
Who was Kobe Bryant drafted by ?
Where are the New Orleans Hornets moving to ?
What language does Algerian people speak ?
Where was Anne Boleyn executed ?
What did Galileo do to become famous ?
What school did Martin Luther King Jr received his doctorate degree from ?
Where Buddha come from ?
What did King Henry Viii rule ?
What type of cancer did Larry Hagman have ?
Where is Byron Nelson 2012 ?
What wars did Robert E Lee served in ?
What Russian language called ?
Who is in charge of Libya now ?
What currency does Australia use 2012 ?
When did Shays Rebellion start ?
What kind of disease does Montel Williams have ?
Where do Flemish come from ?
When is the last time the Ravens won a superbowl ?
Where did Kansas City Royals come from ?
What style of music does John Mayer play ?
What is the theme of Scarlet Letter by Nathaniel Hawthorne ?
What inventions did Thomas Edison invent list ?
Where did Djokovic come from ?
Who is the Arizona Cardinals backup quarterback ?
What part of the country is New England ?
What money to take to Turkey ?
What kind of music did Jimi Hendrix play ?
What degrees did Obama get in college ?
Who were Alexander Graham bell's siblings ?
When Tupac was shot ?
When did Liverpool Fc last win the champions league ?
Who played Jeannie ?
What kind of shoes do French people wear ?
Where was St Peter killed ?
Who does Jeremy Shockey play for in 2012 ?
What college did Deion Sanders jr go to ?
When did the Battle Of Alamo start ?
What were the names of henry viii's three children ?
What was queen Elizabeth Ii childhood nickname ?
Where did Tim Tebow grow up ?
Where is Chesapeake Bay Bridge ?
Who played Victoria Barkley ?
Where did kennedy's Inaugural Address take place ?
What countries have German as the Official Language ?
Where did the Taliban began ?
What kind of government system did Ancient Egypt have ?
Who plays Elena Gilbert on Vampire Diaries ?
What happened to Jill Valentine ?
What does the Missouri River bisect ?
What nationality is Taylor Lautner Jacob Black ?
What animal represents California ?
What company does Nike own ?
What language do Colombian people speak ?
What year did Ray Allen join the nba ?
What color jerseys do the Redskins wear at home ?
What is Claire Danes famous for ?
What county is San Antonio in ?
What characters does Matt Stone do ?
What timezone is the state of Michigan and ?
What type of government did Soviet Union have ?
What languages are there in Japan ?
What year did the bulls get Rodman ?
Who was Saint Paul The Apostle ?
What hemisphere is Africa located in ?
Where did Vince Scully go to college ?
Where does princess Leia live ?
What Famous People are from El Salvador ?
What type of art did Leonardo Da Vinci make ?
Where did Mary Bell live ?
What countries don need a visa for Usa ?
Who did Kimberly Williams marry ?
What other movies has Ryan Gosling been in ?
What Political Party does Julia Gillard belong to ?
What is the currency of Germany now ?
What kind of hispanic is Selena Gomez ?
Who did Denise Van Outen married ?
What are Egyptian money called ?
What is the Zip Code for Wyoming michigan ?
Who is the president of Costa Rica in 2012 ?
Where did Martin Luther King got shot at ?
Who wrote the Gospel According To John ?
What form of government is the Uk ?
What College Football Team did John Elway play for ?
Who did Nasri play for before arsenal ?
What currency does the Czech Republic use now ?
What age did William Penn get married ?
What was Firefox programmed in ?
What government does New Zealand have ?
Where is Isthmus Of Panama located on the map ?
What is the capital of republic of Ireland ?
What has Kristen Stewart acted in ?
What did Dr Josef Mengele do ?
What kind of language does Egypt speak ?
Who are the senators of Hawaii 2012 ?
What form of government does North Korea have ?
Where did Robert Kardashian go to college ?
What happened at Chernobyl ?
What county is St James City fl in ?
What did the Akkadian Empire include ?
After how many years are the Olympic Games held ?
What system of government does Guyana have ?
When was the last time the Ny Knicks won a playoff game ?
What team did Aguero play for ?
Who is the president of the European Union 2012 ?
When is St Joseph birthday ?
What year was Kenya Moore crowned Miss Usa ?
What sort of government does Nigeria have ?
Where does chef Ina Garten live ?
When the Atlanta Braves won the world series ?
What is Lamar Odom doing now july 2012 ?
What kind of language do they speak in Iran ?
What was the first language spoken in Spain ?
What did Scott Joplin play ?
What school did Miley Cyrus ?
Which Hemingway book to read ?
What language do most people speak in Afghanistan ?
Who is the Prime Minister Of Jamaica West Indies ?
What role did Paul Mccartney play in the beatles ?
When did Juventus win the champions league ?
When does school start for the University Of Oregon ?
Who is Robin Roberts father ?
What is the capital of australia Victoria State ?
Where is French spoken most ?
What team is Reggie Bush on 2011 ?
What highschool did Emily Osment go to ?
What currency should i take to Mexico ?
Who is Thor Heyerdahl ?
What area of science did Leonardo Da Vinci study ?
Where did Troy Aikman play football ?
Who played Cletus Hogg ?
Who won Fa Cup 1976 ?
What did general Robert E Lee die from ?
What style of art did Henri Matisse do ?
Who plays Chuck Bass in Gossip Girl ?
What countries have territories in Oceania ?
What county is St. Louis Park in ?
What is the political system of South Africa ?
When does parliament sit in Canberra ?
What language group does Germany belong to ?
What timezone is Tucson Arizona in right now ?
When was Lucy Lawless born ?
Which Political Party does Barack Obama represent ?
Where is the Empire Of Ghana ?
What kind of leukemia did Jill Clayburgh have ?
What is the name of the book Hitler wrote in jail ?
What is there to see in Sydney Australia ?
Where was Marilyn Monroe found dead ?
What states does The Sierra nevada run through ?
What language is spoken in Greek ?
What team did Monta Ellis get traded to ?
What is the name of the Speaker Of The House Of Representatives now 2011 ?
Who plays Stanley Hudson ?
What Record Label is Kelly Clarkson signed with ?
Where does Tim Roth come from ?
What kind of equipment did Isaac Newton use ?
What currency should you take to Vietnam ?
Who did Roger Federer married ?
What kind of money do i need in Costa Rica ?
What caused the Embargo against cuba ?
What is the name of the capital of Belgium ?
What kind of government does Japan have now ?
What pieces of music did Claude Debussy compose ?
Who was Selena Gomez in Barney And Friends ?
Who plays Caesar Flickerman in the Hunger Games ?
Where did the Gettysburg Address ?
What was the name of jfk's brothers ?
Who was Tupac signed to ?
What was Augustus Caesar famous for ?
What kind of Tennis Racquet does Serena Williams use ?
What language does Colombia ?
What is the Zip Code for Schenectady New York ?
Who was President in 1988 in the united states ?
Where can you find Wind Turbines in canada ?
Who owns Google 2012 ?
What drink did John Pemberton create ?
What position did Stanley Matthews play ?
What type of government does Brazil have 2011 ?
What was Bonnie Prince charlie full name ?
Who makes the voice of Stewie Griffin ?
Who is Angelina Jolie mom and dad ?
Who is the Governor Of Indiana 2009 ?
Who Brad Pitt has dated ?
What party does Barack Obama belong to ?
What is San Francisco Zip Code ?
Who has Stephen Ireland played for ?
What do people in France like to do for fun ?
Where did John Mayer go to college ?
What celebrities has Brody Jenner dated ?
What is Malaysian currency ?
Who are china's neighbors ?
Who owns Volkswagen car company ?
Which is the main Train Station in Rome ?
What did Steve Mcnair died from ?
Who is the newly elected governor of California ?
Who plays roxanne in Ghost Rider ?
Where is the Sony ericsson company ?
What kind of currency does the Dominican Republic have ?
What to do this weekend in Manchester with kids ?
What sport is popular in Italy ?
Where is the Main Headquarters of Google ?
What was Jesse Owens education ?
Where does Carlos Santana live ?
What is the new Movie John Carter about ?
What was Goebbels role ?
What countries does Nafta include ?
What county is Houston tx in ?
Where do the Seattle Seahawks play ?
Who does Michael Keaton play in Cars ?
What are the mountains in northern Spain ?
Where is the Riviera Casino ?
What is the Holy Book of the Buddhist religion ?
Who became president when Henry Harrison died ?
Where did Richard Arkwright grow up ?
What other books did Louis Sachar write ?
When did Roth Ira originate ?
What is the best Zelda game to start with ?
Who does the voice for Darth Vader ?
What is the dominant religion in the Us ?
What did Thomas Malthus do ?
What is the Zip Code for Newark California ?
What states share a border with Tennessee ?
What to see and do in Vancouver Washington ?
What war did the Us lose the most soldiers ?
What kind of government is Egypt ?
What Musical Instruments does Justin Bieber play ?
Who is James Madison and what did he do ?
What did Obama do before he was elected president ?
Where do John Lennon die ?
Who plays edward on Deception ?
What was Herbert Hoover best known for ?
What games will be on Nfl Network this year ?
What is the Current Time in Bangalore india ?
What language do people from Greece speak ?
Where is the Phillies Spring Training stadium ?
What movies does Matt Dallas play in ?
Who was john f kennedy's family ?
Where is Harley Davidson Corporate Headquarters ?
When was John Paul Ii ?
Where is Belgium germany ?
Where did Starbucks get their logo ?
Where was the Ottoman Empire based ?
Where was Bin Laden found and killed ?
What are the names of Harry Potter Movies in order ?
What did Pamela Courson die from ?
What did Dr Jack Kevorkian do ?
What does Bolivia border ?
Who plays stacey in the stacy's mom video ?
Who does Nolan Ryan play for ?
What is the currency of Sweden in 2010 ?
What country does Justin Bieber come from ?
What is the Head Judge of the Supreme Court called ?
Who was Frida Kahlo influenced by ?
Where is Taylor Swift from ?
What type of religion does Argentina have ?
When is the last time the Giants won the world series ?
What is the main language used in China ?
Where did the battle of Waterloo occur ?
What Spain brought to the new world ?
Who did Vladimir Lenin marry ?
What year did the Baltimore Ravens win superbowl ?
What team does Cristiano Ronaldo play for 2011 ?
What are physical features of Egypt ?
What book is Mark Twain famous for ?
What is money called in Italy ?
What is the government of France for 2010 ?
Where did Theodor Schwann study ?
How old is Bruno Mars and where is he from ?
Who are the Virginia senators 2013 ?
What was dr seuss's real name ?
What countries are members of the Security Council ?
Where are the Nordic Countries ?
What country sponsored Ferdinand Magellan ?
What did Vera Ellen die from ?
What is the capital of Modern Day Egypt ?
What province is Toronto in ( 7 Letters ) ?
Where do most illegal immigrants in the Us come from ?
Who will Plaxico Burress play for in 2011 ?
What is the currency of Brazil now ?
What types of art did Andy Warhol do ?
What other states border Florida ?
Who does Mike Marry at the end of Season 5 Desperate Housewives ?
What are the predominant religions in Russia ?
What countries were part of The Spanish Empire ?
Who will coach Carolina Panthers in 2013 ?
Where did Louis Sachar grow up ?
Who plays Marshall Eriksen ?
What activities are there to do in Greece ?
What to do for fun in Houston ?
Where did Otto Frank go to college ?
What else has Jennifer Lawrence played in ?
Who is the governor of Pennsylvania state now ?
Where is ancient Phoenician ?
Where does the Celtics practice ?
What did George Washington do as a teenager ?
Where Bin Laden got killed ?
Where does Toronto get its water from ?
What language do people from Bosnia speak ?
Where did Hugo Chavez go to school ?
Who does Japan import from ?
What is the name of Sonia Gandhi daughter ?
Who do Islamic people pray to ?
Where was Mary Todd Lincoln from ?
Where did Charles Darwin die ?
What movies does Nick Cannon play in ?
When did the Big Earthquake hit San Francisco ?
Who was King George Vi married to ?
Where was Jesus after he died on the cross ?
Who is Sir James Dyson ?
Who voiced Darth Vader in the original Star Wars Movies ?
What high school did Maya Angelou go to ?
What 5 countries border Switzerland ?
What country did Benito Mussolini govern ?
Where did Mubarak get his wealth ?
Who was the leader of the first Communist Party Of China ?
What did Miles Davis died of ?
What is the Zip Code for Azle Texas ?
What date did Sally Pearson won gold ?
When did the Detroit Pistons last win the championship ?
When did the Philadelphia Flyers win the cup ?
Who is number 22 for the Dallas Cowboys ?
What county is St Paul Nc in ?
Where is Olympic National Park wa ?
Where did Nat Turner 1831 Rebellion occur ?
Who would play Luke Skywalker ?
Who won the presidential election in Egypt 2012 ?
Where Turkish People originate ?
What state is Barack Obama from ?
What years did Joe Montana win Super Bowl ?
Who should the Minnesota Vikings draft ?
What percent of americans have College Degree ?
What awards Gary Paulsen won ?
What caused the Cuban Rebellion in 1868 ?
Where did Alexander Graham Bell die ?
What year did the Golden State Warriors win their first nba championship ?
What currency should i take to Turkey ?
What type of government did Mexico have ?
What countries are in the Uk yahoo ?
What superbowl did the Baltimore Ravens win ?
What is the language of Russia s spoken ?
Who played Lauren Reed on Alias ?
Who is the king of Cambodia now ?
Who are Serena Williams parents ?
What schools did Sir Isaac Newton go to ?
What was the cause of death for Huell Howser ?
What books are written by Suzanne Collins ?
What countries does England border ?
What team did Messi play for in 2010 ?
What Time Zone is Greensburg Indiana ?
What fma stands for ?
Who plays Voldemort ?
What colleges did Harper Lee attend ?
Who founded the Kkk ?
What is the University Of Georgia known for ?
What jobs did John Adams have before he was president ?
What year did Super Mario Bros 2 come out ?
What Political Party did Andrew Johnson belong to ?
Where did joseph's family live ?
Where was Osama Bin Laden killed ?
Where were Greek Temples built ?
Where are people who speak Arabic from ?
Who was queen Elizabeth Ii mom ?
What type of art did Pablo Picasso paint ?
Who did Ricky Martin started his career with ?
What is Ella Fitzgerald parents name ?
Who is Anne Hathaway parents ?
Who does Don Draper gets engaged to ?
What was Van Halen first album ?
What political system did Spain have ?
What led to the split of the Republican Party in 1912 ?
What to see in Toronto top 10 ?
What are the Supreme Court cases ?
What is penn state's Main Campus ?
When is the Rainy Season in Bangkok thailand ?
Where did the Israel Palestine Conflict start ?
What country does Alaska belong to ?
Where is Kansas City ?
What was pink floyd's first album ?
Who did granville t. woods married ?
What type of government did Thomas Jefferson prefer ?
What language did the Sioux Indians speak ?
What are some Famous People from El Salvador ?
Who did Brett Gardner play for in 2008 ?
Who plays dwight in The Office ?
Who plays riley on Buffy The Vampire slayer ?
What county is San Diego Ca ?
Who is the Miami Dolphins quarterback ?
Where did the Yoruba originated from ?
Where did Anne Frank go to school ?
What Basketball Player is married to Monica ?
What did Hitler use to kill himself ?
What do people speak in Germany ?
When is the last time the Denver Broncos won the superbowl ?
Where was Caesar when he was stabbed ?
What style of music did Bessie Smith perform ?
What team did Jackie Robinson ?
What Time Zone is Chicago in right now ?
What two countries make up the Dominican Republic ?
Who was the Vice President under Ronald Reagan ?
Where do the Chicago White Sox play home games ?
What part did Jeff Conaway play in Grease ?
What book did Benjamin Franklin published ?
What currency to take to Barbados ?
Where did they get the name Stanley Cup ?
What is the Space Needle in Toronto ?
What is the Zip Code of Syracuse Ny ?
Where did Tennessee Williams go to college ?
What is the name of airport in New York ?
Who was queen victoria's husband ?
Where did Benjamin Franklin work ?
What does Barbara Bush do for work ?
Who is Jacob Latimore ?
What happened to Dunkirk during ww2 ?
What was Scottie Pippen good at ?
Who played Donna on West Wing ?
What are Serena Williams achievements ?
Who played Meg in Season 1 of Family Guy ?
When was the last time the Dallas Cowboys won the superbowl ?
What did Napoleon Bonaparte do as emperor ?
Where do ireland play Rugby Union ?
Who killed Lee Harvey Oswald shot ?
When was the last time Knicks won the championship ?
When did Celtics win the championship ?
What countries included in Oceania ?
What country is Nicki Minaj from ?
Who played Harry Potter Dumbledore actor ?
Who was the Prime Minister Of Pakistan in 1999 ?
What movies did Christopher Plummer play in ?
What is Capital City of Morocco ?
What movies is Omar Epps in ?
What district does Nancy Pelosi represent ?
Where is Walton Indiana ?
Where did George Herbert Walker Bush go to college ?
What did Bruce Jenner win Gold Medal for ?
Where do they speak Tibetan ?
What to do in Hollywood ca this weekend ?
Who ran against Abraham Lincoln for president In 1860 ?
Where did Kim Kardashian come from ?
What town did Justin Bieber grew up in ?
What is Michael Kors best known for ?
Who plays charlie in The Santa Clause movies ?
Where does the expression excuse my French come from ?
What was Napoleon Bonaparte accomplishments ?
What highschool did R. Kelly attend ?
What happened at Benghazi ?
What country is Nike based in ?
What is the percentage of youth in Uganda ?
What kind of money do i bring to Mexico ?
Who did Steve Spurrier play Pro Football for ?
What is the only colony on the South America continent ?
Where do the Blackhawks play ?
Who plays John Connor ?
What is the main language spoken in Mexico ?
What are Italians classified as ?
What has Angelina Jolie accomplished ?
Who played Captain Kirk in Star Trek movie ?
Who played Dana Scully in x files ?
Who was the first governor of Colonial South Carolina ?
What was F . Scott Fitzgerald ?
What is the dominant language spoken in Jamaica ?
Who is the coach for the New York Knicks ?
Who was Wesley Snipes ?
Where does Sherrod Brown live ?
What kind of language does Colombia speak ?
What currency does England use now ?
Who was the original voice of Meg Griffin on Family Guy ?
What kind of government is Mali ?
Who did Cristiano Ronaldo play for in 2010 ?
What is the Zip Code for Morgantown wv ?
What is Jacksonville Fl timezone ?
Who does Amy Stiller play in Dodgeball ?
Who were King Henry Vii children ?
Who plays Mary Jane in the Spiderman movies ?
Who does Mila Kunis play on Family Guy ?
When did the San Francisco Earthquake occur ?
Who played damien in The Omen 2006 ?
What athlete am i Olympics ?
Who played denver in Four Christmases ?
What to do with kids in Essex ?
Who did the Cleveland Cavaliers draft ?
What Concentration Camp did Anne Frank died in ?
When did Gordon Brown resigns ?
What language does East Timor speak ?
What is the currency in Italy ?
Where does Greek Language come from ?
What is the name of the currency used in Italy ?
Where is Audrey Hepburn from ?
Where did the Australian Floods take place ?
Who does Darth Vaders voice ?
When is Nrl Grand Final day ?
What school did Douglas Macarthur go to ?
What Famous People are from Barbados ?
What is the name of the currency used in China ?
What are the names of michael jackson's 3 children ?
What currency to take to Turkey 2010 ?
Who is the current governor of Arizona 2010 ?
When was the most recent earthquake in Haiti ?
Who is Lamar Odom playing for this year ?
Where were the Great Pyramids Of Giza built ?
Who designed national Flag Of Italy ?
What language do the Russian speak ?
What language do Australia people speak ?
What country was king tut's tomb found ?
Where did Abraham and his descendants live ?
Where did George Washington Carver go to collage ?
What are the sports in Spain ?
Where President Obama was born ?
What sports do people play in Poland ?
Who was Demi Lovato dating ?
Where did Tony Gonzalez play College Basketball ?
What films has Scarlett Johansson been in ?
Who originally voiced meg on Family Guy ?
Who played Amy Squirrel in Bad Teacher ?
Where are Boeing headquarters ?
What type of religions are in the United States ?
Who did Viggo Mortensen play in Lord Of The Rings ?
What lands did Henry Hudson discover ?
Who was Isaac Newton and what did he do ?
Who did William Shakespeare marry ?
What movies Queen Latifah is in ?
Where did Michelle Obama graduated from ?
What kind of music did Franz Liszt compose ?
What country does David Luiz play for ?
What document did Thomas Jefferson wrote ?
Who is Martin Luther King Jr facts ?
Where is Victoria British Columbia ?
How many Mary Mary sisters ?
What do we call the currency of France ?
Where do Scottish People originate from ?
What team does David Beckham play for in 2012 ?
What movies did Nick Cannon star in ?
What Radio Station is Npr on in nyc ?
Who did Tom Landry play for ?
Where was John Jay born ?
Where is Mount Fuji located ?
When is Venus brightest ?
Where was Toussaint L'Ouverture born ?
What countries makes up the Uk ?
What is Lawton Ok Zip Code ?
What is the Capital City of Spain wiki answers ?
Where do they speak German ?
When did Mark Mcgwire retired ?
What is Colorado Technical University ?
What was the currency used in France before the euro ?
What is Kentucky state slogan ?
What type of government does Russia have 2010 ?
What did Elvis Presley died from ?
Who played Samantha Stephens in Bewitched ?
What area of science did Sir Isaac Newton study ?
What county is San Diego in ?
Which country in North America is divided into provinces ?
Where is the scottish house in Skyfall ?
When does Daylight Saving end in New Zealand 2012 ?
What is real name of Santa Claus ?
When did Kelly Slater go pro ?
What did Coretta Scott King died from ?
What does Wh Smith stand for ?
What type of drugs did Whitney Houston ?
Who was vp for Nixon ?
What religion did Adolf Hitler follow ?
Where is the Illinois River on a map ?
Where Honduras in the world ?
Who do pagans worship ?
Where do i vote Milwaukee Wisconsin ?
Who owns mazda canada ?
Who does Ronaldinho play for now 2011 ?
What Galileo Galilei was famous for ?
What are the major trading partners of Germany ?
Where did Romney graduated college ?
Who did Johnny Depp play in Corpse Bride ?
What is the Zip Code for Jonesboro Ar ?
What college did Se Hinton go ?
When was Taylor Swift Fearless Tour ?
Who was Juan Ponce De Leon family ?
Where did Charles Darwin and his wife live ?
Who is the voice of Kitt ?
What is eminem's real full name ?
Who is amy grant's first husband ?
What are the seven nations of Central America ?
What is Jamie Spears baby name ?
What region did the Incas live in ?
Who did Australia fight in the first world war ?
What countries does Canada have trade agreements with ?
Who is the mother of prince Michael Jackson ?
What is the Clemson mascot name ?
Which of the following was a contribution Thomas Hunt Morgan made to genetics ?
What rainforest is in South America ?
What type of art does Claude Monet do ?
What country did Hitler invaded to start ww2 ?
When did we start War With Iraq ?
Who did Taft defeated in 1908 ?
What guitar did Kurt Cobain ?
Who did Jennifer Lawrence play in x men ?
Who is the governor of Virginia 2011 ?
Who did Darth Vaders voice ?
What type of equipment did Dorothea Lange use ?
Where is Walton County ga ?
What cancer did Jackie Kennedy die of ?
What does Lauren Conrad major in ?
What Time Zone is Pennsylvania in right now ?
Where did Mario Lopez go to school ?
Where is Tupac from originally ?
What role did George Lucas play in Star Wars ?
What Sarah Dessen books are movies ?
What is the Current Time in Kauai Hawaii ?
What did Dmitri Mendeleev discover in 1869 ?
Where was Farrah Fawcett buried ?
What are the colonies of Great Britain ?
What inspired Steinbeck ?
What kind of government does Cuba have today ?
Where are English speakers distributed ?
What was george washington's legacy ?
What is the capital of Italy today ?
Who was Dan White ?
What language do people speak in the Bahamas ?
Where did George Michael go to school ?
What team did Jeremy Lin go to ?
What club does Cristiano Ronaldo play for in 2010 ?
What Time Zone is in the Bahamas ?
Where did African American Slaves come from ?
What language do people speak in Brazil ?
Who influenced Samuel Taylor Coleridge ?
What does Kim Kardashian work as ?
Where did the Mississippi River end ?
Who played Carlton Lassiter on Psych ?
What was John Deere famous for ?
Who is president of Israel ?
Where did the Anasazi Indians live ?
Who plays Harley Quinn ?
What was Francis Bacon contributions ?
What percent of people are overweight in the Uk ?
Who is ruling Libya ?
When does ziva start on Ncis ?
What is the name of the National Anthem of Canada ( 2 words ) ?
Where are you from in Malayalam ?
What did Mark Zuckerberg study ?
Which country was Michael Jackson born ?
What countries require travel visas for Us citizens ?
Who was Stephen R Covey ?
What country was Stalin in charge of ?
What is Monta Ellis career high points ?
What do the symbols on the Nevada Flag mean ?
What nationality is Rihanna ?
What has Shannen Doherty played in ?
What college did Joakim Noah ?
When was the last time the Red Sox won 100 games ?
Who plays Billy Elliot ?
What team will Michael Vick play for in 2011 ?
What Kourtney Kardashian boyfriends name ?
What form of government does Australia use ?
What team did Howie Long ?
Where did The Greek Alphabet come from ?
What timezone is Elizabethtown Kentucky ?
What to see in Christchurch new zealand ?
Where is Chris Paul from ?
What year was Albert Pujols rookie year ?
What are the colors of the Ny Giants ?
What business did Andrew Carnegie dominate ?
What was Sir Isaac newton's inventions ?
Where to visit in Paris with children ?
Who did Shaq first play for ?
Who was the artist of Mickey Mouse ?
What is the Zip Code for Concord ?
What Football Team is Michael Vick on ?
Where does the Columbia River start ?
What are all the names of the Harry potter books ?
What banjo does Scott Avett play ?
Who was sir Walter Raleigh and what did he do ?
What countries are in the Euro dollar ?
What currency can you use in Barbados ?
Who is Angelina Jolie ?
Where is Nineveh city ?
What is the state flower of New Mexico ?
Where is the national Ffa foundation located today ?
Which countries speak Germanic Languages ?
Who plays eowyn in Lord Of The Rings ?
What to do in Cancun during Spring Break ?
Where is augusta Masters 2012 ?
What type of cancer did Eva Peron die from ?
Who did Terrell Owens play for in 2010 ?
Where is Denmark South Carolina ?
When will the world end Mayans ?
What books did Ernest Hemingway write ?
What year did Baltimore Ravens win Super Bowl ?
Where did the battle of Passchendaele happen ?
What part of the country is Ohio considered ?
What team is Cristiano Ronaldo play for ?
What Standard Time is Michigan ?
What was John Tyler ?
What did Romo do ?
What currency can you use in Jamaica ?
Where did Jay Moriarty die ?
Where was the Boston Tea Party 1773 ?
What drugs Lindsay Lohan abuse ?
When did Carolina Panthers go to superbowl ?
When did the Burma Cyclone happen ?
What is Michael Kors real name ?
Who won the governor election in Texas ?
What does Helen Flanagan do ?
When are the summer and winter Olympics held ?
Where is Tennessee River ?
What are some major events in Venezuela ?
What guitar does Corey Taylor play ?
Who was president after Franklin D . Roosevelt ?
Where did Kate Gosselin grew up ?
Under what political system does the United States Government operate ?
Which countries in africa were Slaves taken from ?
What to do in Paris in 1 Day ?
What city is Mt Lassen in ?
Where did Jennifer Arnold go to Medical School ?
What is the state motto of Ohio ?
What country do Maltese come from ?
What type of music did Mozart composed ?
What Stones albums did Mick Taylor play on ?
How many kids were there in the Kennedy Family ?
Which Barcelona airport is closest to the port ?
Where has the English language evolved from ?
What country did hitler invade that started Ww2 ?
What does Matt Damon play in ?
What was Scottie Pippen known for ?
What continent does Canada belong to ?
What does George Wilson do for a living ?
Where did Kobe Earthquake happen ?
What city does Fulham play in ?
What are fun things to do in Sacramento ca ?
Where is the Euphrates And Tigris river located on a map ?
What other movies is Josh Hutcherson in ?
What was Hitler the leader of ?
What awards did Marilyn Monroe won ?
What kind of government does Iran have after 1979 ?
Where did Harper Lee attend high school ?
What college did Jrr Tolkien go to ?
What art did Wassily Kandinsky do ?
Who won the League Cup in 2002 ?
What was Antoni Gaudi inspired by ?
In what country do people speak Danish ?
Who were demeter's siblings ?
Where should a family stay in Paris ?
What led to Stalin rise in power ?
What was the name of Benjamin Franklin wife ?
What the largest city in Spain ?
What type of government was utilized in Ancient Egypt ?
Who has Pudge Rodriguez played for ?
What is the Milwaukee Brewers stadium called ?
Where did the Gallipoli war take place ?
What other movies has Tom Hardy played in ?
What to visit in Atlanta ?
What college did John Nash go to ?
What language do Maltese speak ?
What did Thomas Edison do for the world ?
Where is Shakira from ?
What did Hayes do ?
Who played Bilbo in The Fellowship Of The Ring ?
What is the most populated state in United States ?
Who is my state senator Arizona ?
When does the Vietnam War end ?
Where does the Tennessee River go ?
Who did Tom Hanks play in Apollo 13 ?
What language do they in Ghana ?
What is utah's State Capitol ?
What all did Ben Franklin invent ?
What city in Florida has the lowest Crime Rate ?
What team does Jeremy Lin play for 2013 ?
What is Steve Nash nationality ?
Who are the u s senators of Pennsylvania ?
What kind of language does France speak ?
What degree did Martin Luther King earn ?
What two states is St Louis in ?
When were south australian women given the Right To Vote ?
What does Sarabi ?
Who were Wright Brothers ?
What team did peyton manning's dad play for ?
What school did John Henry Thompson go to ?
What did Jesse Owens won ?
What is the name of the currency used in Peru ?
Who is on the board of Facebook ?
What are the four nations of the United Kingdom ?
Who is Judy Garland father ?
What school did Robert F Kennedy go to ?
What drug killed Marilyn Monroe ?
Where is the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Station ?
What is Los Angeles California Time Zone ?
What did Nicolas Cage name his son ?
What is Berkshire Hathaway invested in ?
What currency should take to Mexico ?
Who is the state governor of Florida ?
Who was Jessica Simpson married too ?
What do they speak in Scotland ?
What did John Dalton study ?
What songs do Zac Brown Band sing ?
Where is Glastonbury England ?
Who formed the American Federation Of Labor ?
What to visit in Denver ?
Where did Thomas Hobbes live ?
What do Unitarian Universalist believe ?
What did John Hancock do for the American Revolution ?
Where was John F Kennedy when he got shot ?
What type of government does Italy have 2011 ?
Which state did Anne Hutchinson found ?
What province is Montreal Canada located ?
Where does Bronx begin ?
Who does Kellan Lutz play in Prom Night ?
What did Franz Liszt do to earn a living ?
What was Nikola Tesla known for ?
What is the Zip Code for Princeton Nj ?
What other countries border Argentina ?
What language does people in Iceland speak ?
What is the predominant religion in Israel ?
Who has coached the Carolina Panthers ?
What are the eight stages of erikson's theory ?
What Time Zone is Toronto gmt ?
What country did Toussaint L'Ouverture help free ?
What jobs did Robert Burns have ?
Who won Utah attorney general ?
Who is the leader of Libya 2011 ?
What the language spoken in Indonesia ?
What is Warren G Harding most known for ?
Who coaches the Carolina Panthers ?
What other countries does South Africa share borders with ?
Who played Darth Vader at the end of return of the jedi ?
When was Herbert Hoover born and died ?
What movies did Joan Crawford play in ?
What products does the United States export ?
What did Neil Armstrong say when he landed on the moon ?
What did James Polk do before he was president ?
What is the Kentucky state bird ?
Who was Canadian Prime Minister in 1993 ?
Which country invented Nike ?
What there to do in Salt Lake City Utah ?
What is the state of Montana known for ?
Who will be the Red Sox next coach ?
Who is the current ohio state Senator ?
What are the major Languages Spoken in the United Kingdom ?
What did St. Nicholas do in his life ?
What percentage of cases does the Us Supreme Court take ?
When was Christopher Columbus first expedition ?
What to do in Rome october 2012 ?
What happened to pope John Paul Ii ?
Who was Ulysses S . Grant ?
What was Franklin Pierce famous for ?
When was the last time the Boston Bruins went to the Stanley Cup ?
Who is Meredith Gray married to in Real Life ?
What inspired Michelangelo Buonarroti ?
What does Monsanto own ?
Who did Woody Harrelson play on Cheers ?
What language do they speak in Sweden yahoo ?
What language did they speak in Ghana ?
What form of government do we have in the Philippines ?
What colleges did Mitt Romney attend ?
Where is Ibrahim Afellay from ?
Who was the secretary of state when Andrew Jackson was president ?
Who does ron stoppable's voice ?
What currency is accepted in New Zealand ?
What do they think happened to Natalee Holloway ?
When did pakistan get Its Independence ?
What places are in the West Midlands ?
What to do with kids in Asheville Nc ?
Who is in the American League in baseball ?
Who did Kurt Warner Play 4 ?
Who is Dirk Nowitzki wife ?
Who financed sir Francis Drake ?
What did the ancient Mayans predict ?
Where is Spanish spoken most ?
Who does Myles Kennedy sing for ?
Where all did Picasso live ?
What currency shall i take to Croatia ?
What team is Raul Ibanez on ?
What are the beliefs of the Roman Catholic ?
What tv series did Mark Harmon star in ?
What year did Jimmy The Rev Sullivan die ?
Who plays Anakin Skywalker in Star Wars 1 ?
Where does Michelle Pfeiffer live now ?
What was Laura Ingalls Wilder famous for ?
What is tatu baby's real name ?
Which country did Nike originate from ?
Where is Dwight Howard now ?
Who is Nick Lachey married to ?
Where did Madonna grew up ?
What Capital City of Brazil ?
What college did John Stockton go to ?
What kind of currency does Mexico use ?
Who owns Chrysler Corporation 2011 ?
What are some books that Mark Twain wrote ?
What was Gregor Mendel contribution ?
Who has Ray Allen dated ?
Who is running for Vice President with Barack Obama 2012 ?
What language do people from the Uk speak ?
What to do with my kids in Toronto ?
What kind of government is South Korea ?
What channel Saints game ?
Who did Ben Franklin marry ?
What Sri Lanka capital ?
Where was the Assyrian homeland ?
What kind of government does Poland have ?
What Famous People came from Delaware ?
When did Romney become governor ?
What currency does Cyprus use ?
Who was with president Lincoln when he was assassinated ?
What type of guitar does Johnny Depp play ?
Where to stay in Singapore blog ?
What episode of how i met your mother is Carrie Underwood on ?
Who are the 9 justices of the Supreme Court 2011 ?
Who is Dustin Johnson the golfer ?
Who did Cher have a son with ?
What city is The University Of Oregon state in ?
Who played Carmen Cortez in Spy Kids ?
What is the political system in Germany ?
What prompted Shakespeare to write poetry ?
What is the currency in Turkey called ?
What school did Mark Zuckerberg attend ?
Where does Kate Middleton Live 2012 ?
What type of art does Marc Chagall do ?
What character did Billy D Williams play in Star Wars ?
What language is spoken in Argentina ?
Who won the American League East in 2012 ?
What did Isaac Newton explain ?
What school did Wilfred Owen go to ?
Who is Kevin Jonas married to ?
Where does Airtran Airways fly ?
Where does the city of Paris get its name ?
What to see in Montreal downtown ?
What was lil wayne's first Hit Song ?
Who did Sandra Bullock marry ?
Where is Olympic National Park located ?
Where is the Un based ?
What city and state is Yale located in ?
Where did Thomas Paine die ?
Where was Barack Hussein Obama Sr born ?
What do they do in Cuba for fun ?
Where is the home stadium of the New England Patriots ?
Who was Kate Chopin ?
When did Bill Clinton go to college ?
Who helped Eminem started his career ?
What are Staffordshire terriers ?
What to do with kids in summer in Dubai ?
What victory was Andrew Jackson most famous for ?
What to do downtown Sacramento ?
What makes the film so popular back in London ?
Who is Michael J Fox parents ?
Where did Sanjay Gupta go to school ?
What team did Brandon Roy go to ?
What countries are involved in the Nafta ?
What continent is Cayman Islands located ?
What language speak in Brazil ?
What disease did Anne Frank die of ?
Who does Kroy Biermann play football for ?
When is the last time the Pittsburgh Steelers won a superbowl ?
Who invented Islamic religion ?
Who were we fighting in the Gulf War ?
How many languages do they speak in Switzerland ?
What Political Party does Barack Obama represent ?
What movies does Logan Lerman play in ?
Where did emperor Constantine die ?
Who plays ponyboy in That Was Then This Is Now ?
Where is Mali located ?
Where to go in Ibiza for families ?
What planet did Luke Skywalker came from ?
Who are the coaches for the Oakland Raiders ?
Where was the first Microsoft headquarters located ?
Where did John Steinbeck go to college ?
What did Niels Bohr discover about the Atomic Structure ?
What books did Louis Sachar wrote ?
Who is Ryan Reynolds married to 2012 ?
What is newt gingrich's wife's name ?
What type of music did Antonio Vivaldi play ?
What school does James Franco go to ?
What is Samuel Langhorne Clemens well known for ?
Who was President after William Henry Harrison ?
Who is Jake Gyllenhaal married to ?
Where did Rick Santorum attend high school ?
What is the title of george bush's new book ?
Where did Antoine Lavoisier die ?
What season did Lana Lang leave smallville ?
What is the name of King George Vi wife ?
What year did Seattle Seahawks go to the Super Bowl ?
Who did Richard Nixon run against ?
Where does Sami Yusuf live ?
What is the Official Language of Brazil now ?
What is the Parliament Of Nepal called ?
When'S the last time the Mets won the world series ?
Where do Florida Panthers play ?
Who is John Cena married to ?
What to do San Jose Ca ?
Who founded New York University ?
Who created Arthur ?
What countries constitute the Eu ?
What are all the countries in North Africa ?
What did Bobby Darin die of ?
Where does Houston Dynamo play ?
What kind of guitar John Mayer ?
What cancer did Patrick Swayze ?
What university did Obama graduated from ?
What Jamaican money called ?
Where is the Arizona Cardinals stadium located ?
What is Sir Isaac Newton theory ?
What should i do today in San Francisco ?
Who influenced Picasso art ?
What is my timezone in Pennsylvania ?
What products and\/or services does Google offer customers ?
When does the Wsop Main Event start ?
Who did Cliff Lee play for last year ?
Who played elaine The Pain ?
Who killed Martin Luther King Jr video ?
What type of democracy is the United States ?
When was the last time the Toronto Maple Leafs made the playoffs ?
What time in china Hong Kong ?
What all movies has Taylor Lautner been in ?
What disease did Bernie Mac die of ?
Who plays Spike Spiegel ?
Who was queen isabella's mother ?
Who does Chris Hemsworth have a baby with ?
Who was France allied with in ww2 ?
Where is the Mts Iceplex in winnipeg ?
What are the most popular religions in Israel ?
What was obama's former occupation ?
What are all the songs Justin Bieber wrote ?
Where is the Thames River source ?
Where did Buster Posey go to high school ?
What new movies is Robert Pattinson in ?
What language do they use in Pakistan ?
What kind of products does Nike sell ?
Who did Lbj marry ?
Where did Kim Jong Il die ?
What honor did Agatha Christie receive in 1971 ?
Who ran against Bill Clinton in the presidential election ?
Where are Kohler Sinks manufactured ?
What is the sacred text of Daoism ?
What countries speak English natively ?
What did Thomas Hobbes do ?
What counties in Florida have the lowest property taxes ?
Who won Fedex Cup 2012 ?
What language is mainly spoken in Egypt ?
Who played Alf on tv show ?
Who was Gerald Ford vp ?
What is Armenian currency ?
What type of art did Raphael Sanzio create ?
What language do they speak in Malta ?
What religion was King Louis Xiv ?
What Football Team does Mike Wright play for ?
What did Shannon Hoon die from ?
What did Nicholas Copernicus discover ?
What teams has Manny Ramirez played for ?
Where do the Appalachian Mountains run ?
When was President Wilson in office ?
What Political Party is Jerry Brown ?
What ocean is around Hawaii ?
What is the most Common Language spoken in Argentina ?
What language Tunisia ?
What are some inventions that Leonardo Da Vinci invented ?
Who wrote St Trinians ?
What are Malaysian coins called ?
What type government does Mexico have ?
What currency does Dominican Republic take ?
What inspired Michael Jackson to become a singer ?
Who is the Texas state senator ?
What to visit in London city ?
What genre of art is the Mona Lisa ?
Who does Peter Griffin voice ?
When did Tony Romo got drafted ?
What does Anne Frank died of ?
What are the Catholic Holy Days ?
What language is most commonly spoken in Belgium ?
Where did Frank Baum die ?
Where is Tunis on a map ?
Who is Nicolas Cage married too ?
Who are the members of the Supreme Court 2009 ?
Who does the voice for chucky in Child 'S Play ?
What did Mary Wollstonecraft fight for ?
What is New France ?
What year did the Phillies begin ?
What country is Dyson made ?
What language does Iceland speak ?
What was Dr Seuss real name ?
What did Gloria Steinem founded ?
Where to eat crawfish in Beaumont ?
What language they speak in Scotland ?
What Boarding School did Mark Zuckerberg go to ?
What are Bigos ?
Where are ike and tina turner's children ?
What are some of Leonardo Da Vinci most famous inventions ?
When did Shaq come into the nba ?
Where do they speak Turkish ?
What is the Zip Code for Walnut Creek ?
Who will the Cavaliers draft 2012 ?
Who was the voice of Darth Vader in the original Star Wars movie ?
Where is English spoken around the world ?
What music did Louis Armstrong play ?
What form of currency does Germany use ?
Where is the Latin language from ?
What are the top Tourist Attractions in Rome ?
Who were the children of King Solomon ?
What did Andy Irons die from ?
Where is Auburn University located ?
Who is Tatyana Ali parents ?
Where did Leif Ericson grow up ?
What language do the Maasai speak ?
What Political Party was Hitler in ?
Who is the leader of North Korea today ?
Where do the Appalachian Mountains run through ?
What money does Spain use ?
Where was Terry Waite born ?
What country did the Battle Of San Juan Hill take place ?
What kind of government does the United States have currently ?
When was the last time the Orioles won the world series ?
What did Shakespeare learn in grammar school ?
Who did Ben Stiller date ?
What is the most Common Language in Norway ?
What influenced William Shakespeare to start writing ?
Where did Benjamin Franklin went to school ?
Who is the governor of Arizona 2009 ?
What movies has Spike Lee made ?
What did Bernie Mac died of ?
What countries does the Arctic Circle run through ?
Where is Electrolux based ?
What is Houston timezone ?
Where do Italy people live ?
Where did Russians originate ?
What was shakespeare's wife called ?
When did Truman become president ?
What did Ferdinand Magellan do ?
When was Abraham Lincoln declared president ?
Where do Burmese Cats originate from ?
Who played Kirk ?
Where is Mt St Helens located ?
What county is St Paul Minnesota in ?
Who was King Henry Viii son ?
Who does David Beckham play for ?
Who won the Battle Of Gettysburg ?
Where was Franz Ferdinand from ?
What was Benedict Arnold most famous for ?
Who plays Lex Luthor on Smallville ?
What are Dallas Cowboys colors ?
What does Bentley mean ?
What is the currency of the Czech Republic ?
When was the last time the La Kings won a playoff series ?
Where did Spencer Pratt go to school ?
What disease did Abraham Lincoln had ?
Who is Vancouver Canucks coach ?
Where did Cs Lewis wrote ?
What is Carlos Pena jr nationality ?
What did Thomas Jefferson do before he became president ?
What language do the Cheyenne speak ?
Who was married to Jane Wyman ?
Who played mickey in the Rocky Movies ?
What language does Peru speak ?
What are some good books like Looking For Alaska ?
Where is English spoken in the world map ?
When did Arsenal won the league ?
What timezone is Phoenix Az in right now ?
Where is South Portland ?
What countries speak French as a first language ?
Who was Ptolemy and what did he do ?
What was the name of Henry Viii first wife ?
Where does the Parana River flow ?
What is president nixon's first name ?
Where did Theodor Schwann get his education ?
Who or what influenced Frank Lloyd Wright ?
What year did Houston Rockets win their first championship ?
Where do most of the people live in Russia ?
Where is Holy Roman Empire located ?
What movies has Liam Hemsworth played in ?
Who plays Nicholas Newman on The Young And The Restless ?
Who is the voice of Eric Cartman on South Park ?
Who is Angelina Jolies brother ?
Where is the headquarters of Bank Of America ?
What type of government Japan have ?
Who was king after Leonidas died ?
What team does Josh Hamilton play for ?
When was the Leafs last in the playoffs ?
Where is Burundi country ?
When does the World End According To The Mayans Time ?
Through which countries of the sahel does the Niger River flow ?
What did Werner Heisenberg discover ?
What city does Paul Ryan live in ?
What city is Acadia University in ?
What did F. Scott Fitzgerald do ?
What countries does Tomtom Western Europe include ?
What is the national language of Iran ?
Where did the Second Battle Of Ypres occur ?
What languages do people speak in Spain ?
What did Michael Crabtree do ?
Where do they speak Afrikaans ?
What 3 states border Florida ?
Who plays Ziva David on ncis ?
Who ruled after King Henry Viii died ?
What are some Ancient Egypt names ?
Who are the St Louis Cardinals coaches ?
Where is Daud Ibrahim ?
What region is Turkey considered ?
What language do Russians speak ?
Where was Martin Luther King Jr buried ?
What are the official languages of Argentina ?
Where is the city Wales ?
What country does Rafael Nadal play for ?
What is the Islamic belief ?
Who is the Prime Minister of Spain 2011 ?
Who was the son of King Leonidas ?
Who was Judi Dench married to ?
How many languages do they speak in Spain ?
Where are the Sahara Desert located ?
What is Rihanna mum called ?
What county is San Francisco ?
When did President Theodore Roosevelt take office ?
Who does Michael Oher play for in 2010 ?
Who or what influenced Albert Einstein ?
Where does Egypt export to ?
Who did Messi have a baby with ?
Where is the seat of the African Union ?
What was Kim Richards in ?
What ship did Darwin sail around the world ?
Where did Christopher Columbus began his journey ?
What artistic style did Henri Rousseau work in ?
What is John Edwards indicted for ?
Where was Huey Newton killed ?
When was the Printing Press invented by gutenberg ?
Where is Midlothian scotland ?
Where does Marta play soccer ?
Where is mitt romney's family from ?
What are john terry's children called ?
What city was Michael Jackson born in ?
Who fought in the battle of Vicksburg ?
Which city is the oldest in Pakistan ?
What kind of writing is Nikolai Gogol famous for ?
What year was first World Series ?
Who plays Simon Birch ?
Where are the timezones in the Usa ?
What does Gm make ?
What do people speak in Uk ?
What do people in Jamaica speak ?
What position did Lebron James play ?
What was wayne gretzky's first team ?
Who is the president of Peru now ?
What kind of guitar did Jerry Garcia play ?
What type of art Leonardo Da Vinci do ?
Who are the senators of New Jersey now ?
Where was Rihanna raised ?
What team does Messi play for 2011 ?
Who is moira in X Men ?
Where does Lil Wayne go to school ?
What airport is nearest to Rome ?
Where did Jrr Tolkien go to school ?
What state is Saint Louis University in ?
What religion does Canada follow ?
What factors led to the rise of the Roman Empire ?
Which countries have Spanish as their main language ?
Who is in paul ryan's family ?
What government does Iraq use ?
What type of currency do they use in Spain ?
What did Lincoln Steffens wrote ?
What schools did Anders Celsius attend ?
What can do in New York ?
What currency does France accept ?
What type of religion did Massachusetts have ?
What language do they speak in Colombia South America ?
When was the last tsunami in the Atlantic Ocean ?
What did Martha Graham train as ?
What kind of government does Brazil has ?
What did George Washington Carver made ?
What country did Gregor Mendel live in ?
Where Laura Ingalls Wilder lived ?
What to do in Bangkok in 4 Days ?
What sports are popular in Germany ?
What'S my timezone in Oklahoma ?
What do they speak in Norway ?
What does Ss stand for in hitler's army ?
What currency does Singapore use ?
What did the Blackfoot indians speak ?
Who plays Robin Hood in Prince Of Thieves ?
What Standard Time is Texas ?
What city is the South Rim of The Grand Canyon near ?
Where does Kurdish People live ?
What instrument does Louis Armstrong ?
Who does Alyson Stoner play in Camp Rock ?
What religion does Madonna practice ?
What countries are located near Egypt ?
When was Michael Jordan at his best ?
What made Richard Hammond famous ?
Who originally voiced Lois Griffin ?
What airport do you fly into in Paris ?
Who plays Sheldon Cooper mother on the big Bang Theory ?
What Rihanna new album called 2012 ?
Where does Dave Ramsey live ?
What does A Dream Deferred by Langston Hughes ?
What discovery did Galileo make ?
What is the government system of Saudi Arabia ?
What was the Japanese war called ?
What did Nikola Tesla invented that is of use today ?
Who plays the role of Tony Dinozzo on ncis ?
What did Jesus do for living ?
What is the state name of New York City ?
Where is the main branch of Bank Of America ?
Who plays Knox Overstreet ?
Where did Sally Pearson go to Primary School ?
What movies did David Carradine play in ?
What is the Stanley Cup named after ?
When do they change the time in California ?
Where is traditional Chinese used ?
Who does Portugal trade with ?
What type of political system is Brazil ?
What language did the ancient Babylonians speak ?
What kind of painter was Wassily Kandinsky ?
What form of government does the United States use ?
What money does Cuba use ?
Who is my representative in Illinois House ?
What timezone is Sweden gmt ?
What was franklin d roosevelt's job before president ?
Where did Robert Downey Jr go to jail ?
What degrees did Barack Obama get ?
What does god Shiva represent ?
What inventions were made by Ben Franklin ?
What is the name of the currency used in Switzerland ?
What year did the Milwaukee Brewers go to the World Series ?
Who was Vice President with Bill Clinton ?
What songs did Franz Liszt compose ?
Where did the Russian Japanese War happen ?
What year did the La Kings win the cup ?
What kind of money does Egypt have ?
What Baseball Team was Jackie Robinson on ?
What body of water does St Lawrence River flow into ?
What form of government does the United States have ?
What are the names of ariel's six sisters ?
What voices does seth macfarlane play on Family Guy ?
Who was William Mckinley married to ?
Who played Darth Vader in the first movie ?
Where did Kevin James go to college ?
What year was Hitler was born ?
What did Canada get gold medals in ?
What'S there to see in Atlanta ?
Where was Auschwitz Concentration Camp located ?
With which ancient ruler did Julius Caesar fall in love ?
What kind of currency does Dominican Republic use ?
What did Elliot Stabler do ?
What is spoken in Czech Republic ?
Where was Shakespeare born at ?
Where did Scott Fitzgerald go to college ?
What did Joan Crawford died of ?
Where did Rob Kardashian go to school ?
What year was Allen Iverson mvp ?
Where did Harry S Truman go to school ?
What county is Utica Ny in ?
What did Charles Babbage discover ?
What are members of the House Of Representatives called ?
Who plays king julian Madagascar ?
Who is Rick Scott ?
Where did the Crimean war take place ?
What offices did Theodore Roosevelt hold ?
What movies has Miley Cyrus been in ?
What century did Slavery end in america ?
Who did James Franco play in Milk ?
When did the Libyan Conflict start ?
What city did Marco Polo came from ?
What wnba team is Diana Taurasi on ?
What do see in Paris ?
What is Newcastle Metro ?
What other organisms did Mendel use in experiments ?
Who made the laws in Canada ?
What year did Adam Morrison get drafted ?
Where Michael Jackson from ?
What college did Maya Moore go to ?
When was the last time the Dodgers won a championship ?
Who is Captain James Cook facts ?
Where did Robin Williams get married ?
What form of government does Canada ?
Who do Islamic people follow ?
What kind of government does Peru ?
Who was in the Israeli Palestinian Conflict ?
Who founded the Afl ?
Where did Diego Velazquez die ?
What did Warren Buffett invest in ?
What is the Country Code for Mexico ?
What currency do they use in Switzerland ?
What does British Colony mean ?
When Olympic Games 2012 opening ceremony ?
Where is President Kennedy buried ?
Who won the Michigan Ohio State Game 2012 ?
Where was the prophet Mohammed from ?
What events lead to the battle of Antietam ?
What language do Ukrainian people speak ?
Who are the judges appointed in the Supreme Court ?
Which country in Europe has the largest land area ?
When did Kaley Cuoco join charmed ?
Where is Chris Rock from ?
What Vegetables can i plant in november in Southern California ?
When was the last time the Toronto Maple Leafs win the Stanley Cup ?
What kind of language do Egyptian speak ?
What language do Brazilians use ?
What position did Vince Lombardi play ?
Who played Stanley Kowalski in A Streetcar Named Desire Movie ?
Who did the voice for Lola Bunny ?
What book did Charles Darwin wrote in 1859 ?
What language do Serbs speak ?
What was the cause of death for Laci Peterson ?
What team is Kris Humphries play for ?
What was the government like in Virginia Colony ?
What movies Gerard Butler has been in ?
Where did John Franklin live ?
What language do Bosnian muslims speak ?
What was Tycho Brahe theory ?
What was the last movie Sean Connery was in ?
What team did Drogba play for ?
Where did Crabtree go to college ?
Where does Freddie Ljungberg come from ?
Who is number 22 on Miami Dolphins ?
Where is Staten Island Ferry ?
What state did John Adams live in ?
What type of music did Vivaldi compose ?
What college did John Nash teach at ?
Who were Jesus siblings ?
What team does Mike Fisher play for ?
What films has Daniel Craig been in ?
What materials did Eduardo Paolozzi use in his work ?
What did Joe Biden study in college ?
Who did Marilyn Monroe marry at 16 ?
Who plays timon's voice in The Lion King ?
What part of the country is Ohio in ?
Which island is Kailua on ?
What language do speak in Argentina ?
What did Whoopi Goldberg won a grammy for ?
What is Modern Day Judah ?
Who played Maggie in himym ?
Who does Owen Schmitt play for ?
What party was Thomas Jefferson affiliated with ?
What religions are popular in France ?
Who played berger in Sex And The City ?
Who won the 2000 Fa Cup final ?
What are the names of michael jackson's kids ?
What movies have Robert Pattinson in them ?
What the Time Zone in Japan ?
Who plays Bob Kelso in scrubs ?
What race is Vanessa Carlton ?
What do people in Czech Republic speak ?
Which countries speak Arabic language ?
Where does Tim Cook work ?
What degrees does Romney have ?
Where is Bob Marley buried ?
What is London uk Time Zone ?
Where to stay in Chicago tourist ?
What type of Breast Cancer did Sheryl Crow have ?
What type of government does Argentina have today ?
Where does Fabio Capello come from ?
What party was Abe Lincoln part of ?
What did Jack London do for a living ?
Who did Morgan Freeman marry ?
What are the Mountains In Northern Italy called ?
What influenced John Steinbeck to start writing ?
Where is Dwayne Johnson ethnicity ?
Where are the Nato headquarters located ?
In which state was the battle of Antietam fought ?
Which ocean does the Zambezi River flow into ?
What are the 7 Sacraments of the Catholic Church ?
What team did David Beckham play for before la galaxy ?
Who is the Current Leader of France 2010 ?
Where was the Palace Of Knossos located ?
Where is roswell Area 51 ?
When was Father Chris Riley born ?