what is the name of justin bieber brother?
what character did natalie portman play in star wars?
what state does selena gomez?
what country is the grand bahama island in?
what kind of money to take to bahamas?
what character did john noble play in lord of the rings?
who does joakim noah play for?
where are the nfl redskins from?
where did saki live?
how old is sacha baron cohen?
what two countries invaded poland in the beginning of ww2?
what time zone am i in cleveland ohio?
who did draco malloy end up marrying?
which countries border the us?
where is rome italy located on a map?
what is nina dobrev nationality?
what country does iceland belong to?
which kennedy died first?
what books did beverly cleary right?
who did the philippines gain independence from?
where to fly into bali?
who is the prime minister of ethiopia?
what to see near sedona arizona?
what high school did president bill clinton attend?
what form of government does russia have today?
what movies does taylor lautner play in?
what year lebron james came to the nba?
what did the german revolution lead to?
how much did adriana lima gain during pregnancy?
what does thai mean?
which wife did king henry behead?
who was ishmael's mom?
what was malcolm x trying to accomplish?
where are the netherlands on a world map?
what is the president of brazil?
what are the major cities in france?
what city did esther live in?
what sport do the toronto maple leafs play?
what is saint nicholas known for?
when is the new series of the only way is essex starting?
what is cher's son's name?
what is martin cooper doing now?
what party was andrew jackson?
what is medicare a?
what county is the city of hampton va in?
what is the name of the first harry potter novel?
what did william shakespeare do for a living?
what county is heathrow airport in?
where did dmitri mendeleev study science?
what movie is josh hutcherson in?
what is there to do in laredo tx?
what season did tony soprano get shot?
where do the san francisco giants play home games?
what year did william jennings bryan run for president?
what was the name of frederick douglass book?
who was queen victoria's parents called?
what movies did sally field win an oscar for?
what is the first book sherlock holmes appeared in?
what type of car does michael weston drive?
where does lena river begin and end?
what countries do people speak portuguese?
where to exchange euros in pittsburgh?
what are the names of walt disney kids?
who is in the band bush?
what was tupac name in juice?
what timezone is australia gmt?
who does maggie grace play in taken?
what style of music did louis armstrong play?
when is summer in australia sydney?
what tv show did joey lawrence play on?
what timezone is denver co?
what character did brian austin green play on 90210?
where does jackie french live?
what form of government was practiced in sparta?
when did the colorado rockies go to the world series?
who was peter parker's first girlfriend?
what college did matt lauer attend?
where to go in london england?
what school did joan miro attend?
where did france colonise?
who was vincent van gogh inspired by?
where to get married in jacksonville nc?
what time zone am i in michigan?
when did the new york knicks win a championship?
what is the official language of china 2010?
what was woodrow wilson's major accomplishments?
where is jack daniels factory?
what language do the speak in pakistan?
where is santa clara university?
which part of korea is communist?
where did timothy mcveigh go to prison?
what sea does the yangtze river flow into?
who miley cyrus engaged to?
what is charles darwin famous for?
who founded the roanoke settlement?
what kind of money should i take to jamaica?
who is robert downey jr wife?
where do the ny rangers play?
where is jefferson davis buried?
who does the author stephenie meyer play in the movie twilight?
when will oscar pistorius compete?
what years have the dallas cowboys won the superbowl?
what awards has louis sachar won?
who are the current senators from missouri?
who was the president after jfk died?
what is the best currency to take to egypt 2013?
what are the countries in the united kingdom?
what planes does the navy have?
where did benjamin franklin died?
where to visit in n. ireland?
what to do in cancun with family?
what is the local language of israel?
what city and state was the air force academy established?
what's the national sport of puerto rico?
what religion are people in russia?
what did shawnee smith play in?
what countries did queen victoria reign over?
where did dr seuss go to school?
what team does luis suarez play for?
what are dollars called in spain?
who plays meg in family guy?
what high school did tim allen go to?
what is the world's tallest building in dubai called?
where does asiana airlines fly to?
what movie did angelina jolie direct?
where did martin luther king got shot?
where to visit near bangkok?
who does christina milian have a baby by?
what year did tut became king?
who is the current president of the dominican republic in 2010?
who has been married to julia roberts?
where do baltimore ravens play?
where does the un get its funding?
who does brandon dubinsky play for?
who all has dated taylor swift?
what is the dominant language in israel?
what are the main languages of nigeria?
what jobs did ben franklin do?
what bible does the catholic church follow?
who plays lola bunny in the looney tunes show?
what stadium did the chicago cardinals play in?
who did rufus wainwright married?
where did c.s. lewis go to college?
what did nick clegg study at university?
who is the president of the european union 2011?
what school did cassie bernall go to?
what movie did james frey write?
what did rob kardashian get surgery for?
what did st. matthew do?
when does harry potter come out on dvd deathly hallows 2?
what was nelson mandela's religion?
who will win the 2011 nhl stanley cup?
what is henry clay known for?
who did axl rose marry?
what years did brett favre go to the super bowl?
what is the money of spain called?
where are sunbeam microwaves made?
who was elected president of the philippines?
what cities does ryanair fly to?
what time zone is oklahoma state?
who was the apostle paul considered to be?
what currency does ontario canada use?
what instrument does justin bieber?
what team did shaq play for first?
where was kennedy when he got shot?
who do derek fisher play for?
where did the casey anthony case take place?
where did pres clinton go to college?
what was the name of the original seattle baseball team?
who was general cornwallis american revolution?
what type of monarchy did england have?
when were the texas rangers started?
where did the houston oilers football team go?
what do they call football in spanish?
where did pauley perrette go to college?
where does niles crane live?
where was gabriel faure born?
who is the governor of kentucky 2012?
who is the senator of the united states 2010?
where did the massive allied invasion of northern france take place in june 1944?
which countries are part of the united kingdom?
what is the postcode for london?
who killed vincent chin dvd?
what other books did jules verne wrote?
what is the currency name of brazil?
what language does fiji?
what is the second percy jackson book called?
what did gregor mendel conducted his experiments on?
who did jon gosselin cheat with?
where is mitsubishi headquarters?
where is jay cutler now?
what are eu countries?
what influenced vincent van gogh work?
what time zones are there in the us?
what are the 5 biggest cities in the usa?
what language do australian people speak?
who did ben stiller play in megamind?
what countries did queen victoria rule?
who are betty white's parents?
where did jeff dunham go to school?
what college did kevjumba?
who does david james play for 2011?
what was the purpose of the 1964 gulf of tonkin resolution?
what movies did diana ross play in?
what is the zip code for minneapolis?
what country is the west bank located in?
who won golden boot?
where did jane mansfield die?
where is the thames river located?
when did kings last win stanley cup?
what school did william shakespeare attend?
what money do they use in chile?
what college did peyton manning?
what are the 2 conferences in the nfl?
when did jennifer lopez start on in living color?
when is portland marathon?
what character does ellen play in finding nemo?
when was the last time the ny giants were in the super bowl?
what are all the names of harry potter?
what does nick cannon play in?
what sort of government does brazil have?
which airport is best to fly into milan?
where did matthias schleiden go to school?
what county is rihanna from?
what happened to daddy yankee?
what country is located in the balkan peninsula?
what 6 states border south dakota?
what are the main languages spoken in spain?
what songs did mozart write?
what language do they speak in thai?
who is the new senator of montana?
which airport to fly in rome?
where are the ruins of pompeii?
what language people speak in afghanistan?
what language do people speak in brazil wikipedia?
what cities should i visit in california?
where was princess leia raised?
what is the name of the pittsburgh steelers head coach?
when does canada's wonderland close?
when did the lakers win the championship?
what year was the great san francisco fire?
what countries share borders with france?
what did patrick swayze sing?
what style of art is salvador dali?
what city was leonardo da vinci from?
what did george v die of?
what are the three major rivers in south america?
what other discoveries did isaac newton discover?
who started pixar?
who is tia and tamera mowry parents?
what political party was lincoln?
what would have happened if germany had won ww1?
what kind of government is china?
where is the nation of greece located?
what three countries does mexico border?
what year was the new york blackout?
which countries have english as native language?
what position does rafael furcal play?
what are major exports of the usa?
what shows did kellie martin star in?
where did rihanna grow up?
where is whistler mountain located?
what currency do i need in cuba?
what country did james cook come from?
who is julia roberts married to 2012?
what sport does rebecca adlington compete in?
when did the christchurch quake happened?
what other countries does canada trade with?
what to see in singapore at night?
who played mason capwell?
what is james madison most famous for?
who did the maccabees revolted against?
where was the battle of antietam creek?
during what war did abraham lincoln serve as president?
who are shakespeare's parents names?
where is she from shakira?
who plays captain kirk in 2009?
who did hera marry?
what type of guitar does kirk hammett play?
what language they speak in the philippines?
where is the kakadu national park located?
what to do with kids in denver today?
what money does jamaica use?
what year did william mckinley became president?
what date did kennedy become president?
what timezone is colorado in right now?
who owns aston martin 2012?
what disease has jack osbourne got?
what do the islamic believe?
who will david beckham play for in 2013?
what language they speak in taiwan?
who owns the toronto maple leafs?
what county is novato california in?
what are the basic beliefs of sikhism?
where did hernando cortez die?
who was liz taylor married too?
where was the ancient region of mesopotamia?
who was real housewives brandi married to?
when did the charlotte bobcats first play in the nba?
what's the book hitler wrote in prison?
where is the ottoman empire located?
which city held the summer olympics twice?
who are the green bay packers owned by?
what inspired langston hughes to write poetry?
what languages are there in switzerland?
when was the last time the orioles had a winning season?
what does australia export?
where did henry knox die?
who was the queen of the iceni tribe?
what is the name of the first prophet of islam?
who is married to garry trudeau?
where does norway get their oil?
what language do they speak in northern ireland?
what countries make up continental europe?
what do abrahamic religions have in common?
what did johnny crawford sing?
what did abraham lincoln do before he was president?
what sport does sally pearson compete in?
where is atlanta texas located?
who did elton john marry first?
where is tom cruise from?
what movies did madonna appear in?
where does leland chapman live now?
where was the roman colosseum located?
what date was abraham lincoln inaugurated?
what invention did henry ford invent?
what time zone is new york under?
when did mayans predict end of the world?
what is the name of the book hitler wrote while in prison?
who voiced meg in the pilot?
what albert einstein do for math?
where did bashar al assad study?
who plays lois lane in superman returns?
what did joseph lister do for science?
who is the voice of stewie griffin from family guy?
who uses new king james bible?
what films did charlie chaplin direct?
who does lea michele dating in real life?
when did joe walsh leave the eagles?
when was the musical annie written?
what should you see in london?
who does billy beane work for now?
what subatomic particles did jj thomson discover?
what films have taylor lautner been in?
who were anakin skywalker's parents?
what country is the name natalie from?
who played the voice of aladdin?
what exactly did dale earnhardt die from?
what year did miami heat win the championship?
what kind of government did benito mussolini have?
who was emperor diocletian?
who is chelsea kane?
who is darwin and what is his theory?
what did obama study in school?
where did deion sanders play baseball?
who is the new governor of oregon?
what continent is south africa part of?
who was michael jackson's best friend?
what movies has taylor lautner been in 2011?
where does the australian prime minister reside?
what did kate winslet get an oscar for?
what company did henry ford work for?
what happened to thomas cromwell's children?
where indian ocean is located?
what year was the navy chief established?
what year did the orioles win 100 games?
who was mary's mother?
where is american express located?
what is the china money called?
what is the government of spain today?
where is the howard university located?
where did terrell owens get traded to?
what do catholics call their god?
what is the capital of alaska state?
what was the soviet union?
what college did jeff corwin go to?
who speaks farsi?
who was neptune discovered by?
who were the major trade partners of russia?
what did corey haim really die of?
where did pavlova originate?
where did nathaniel hawthorne die?
where did jack johnson go to high school?
who played maxie jones on general hospital?
what military school did poe attend?
what are buddhist gods?
who influenced wolfgang amadeus mozart?
when was the last dallas cowboys super bowl win?
what language do they speak in iceland wikipedia?
when was blessed kateri born?
when did the bali bombings occur?
what is the political system in south africa?
what is the currency in croatia 2012?
where did joe montana go to high school?
what cases does the supreme court have original jurisdiction over?
where is the nation of palestine?
what are the greek titans?
what countries speak english primarily?
what states does the missouri river touch?
what is in liverpool england?
what state is harvard college located?
where was leonardo da vinci when he died?
what money do japanese use?
what is the time zone in oklahoma city?
what killed whitney houston?
what kind of government did the mali empire have?
what is the religion of israel people?
what is mount st helens?
what airport is closest to sandals grande in st lucia?
which country is north of the usa?
where does drew gordon play?
who was the first russian president?
what language does people in netherlands speak?
what type of language does china speak?
what countries around the world speak french?
who is esther hicks?
what does michael vick do?
in which province is johannesburg?
where was john lennon standing when he was shot?
what time do atlantic city bars close?
what state did al gore represent?
who voiced darth vader in revenge of the sith?
what type of art is henri matisse famous for?
what to do in laughlin nevada?
who plays princess padme in star wars?
where to ski in andorra reviews?
who was louis riel?
what are the four nations of the uk?
who was judy garland married to?
where is abraham lincoln hometown?
what disease did helen keller?
what is the name of money in brazil?
what year did lakers win championship?
what did coolidge believe with regards to the role of government?
what is the atlanta braves mascot?
what type of government did england have during the glorious revolution?
who played dumbledore in the first movie?
where was greenpeace an international environmental organization founded?
what does roger that mean?
what is the center of london called?
what was the first name of the washington redskins?
what sports do they do in canada?
who was the first leader of the afl?
who is the arizona cardinals football coach?
when did tamu admit women?
where was the battle of waterloo held?
what was marilyn monroe known for?
what has barack obama done wrong?
which is faster amd dual core or intel dual core?
where did lee corso go to college?
who are the colorado eagles?
what time period did jesus live in?
where does lala anthony live?
what currency do they accept in kenya?
what river did henry hudson sail up?
what currency is used in switzerland 2012?
what do they speak in iran?
who did ayrton senna drive for?
what happened to madonna childhood home?
where is the best place to vacation in the dominican republic?
what made ancient rome fall?
where was brad pitt born?
what position does vernon davis play?
where is the euro 2012 tournament?
what time is right now in texas?
what to see and do in malta?
where did dolly parton grew up?
what state is rick santorum from?
what countries does queen elizabeth ii reign?
when did the aurora colorado shooting take place?
what is jonas brothers names?
what art movements was henri matisse involved in?
what are some famous tourist attractions in germany?
who's kobe bryant?
what type of government system does saudi arabia have?
what countries did czechoslovakia become?
what songs did richard marx write?
what did ryan dunn died from?
what war was george washington associated with?
where was zachary taylor elected from?
who does kris humphries play for in the nba?
where tupac grew up?
where did al capone go to jail?
what type of music did richard wagner play?
what do you call money in brazil?
what team did tim tebow play for in college?
what airport in paris?
what nationality was andy williams?
where did matthew brady live?
what ball does rickie fowler play?
who are the broncos players?
where do most of the people live in japan?
in what country do they speak basque?
where is belgium at?
what religions are in russia?
what government system does north korea have?
what did einstein do?
in what country is amsterdam?
what are the most common religions in the united states?
what did martin luther king jr go to college for?
where did sir ernest shackleton come from?
what made jimi hendrix great?
who did aaron rodgers play college football 4?
who plays nathan scott?
when did the houston rockets win the championship?
where is mount whitney?
who created the character of romeo?
what are some places to visit in new york?
what are the countries and capitals of central america?
where is puntland somalia?
what animal is on the western australian flag?
where did drew stanton play in college?
what is kareem abdul jabbar real name?
what countries fall in eastern europe?
what are taylor swift's albums?
who is the prime minister of ethiopia now?
when was mary poppins made?
what did king edward vi died from?
what did robert boyle accomplish?
who did johnny bench play for?
who does the islamic worship?
where is napoleon buried?
what language do people speak in iceland?
who sang at the mtv movie awards 2011?
where do houston aeros play?
what is the new york knicks starting lineup?
what to see and do in galway ireland?
what year did brandon roy get drafted?
what are the names of michael jackson children?
what is pennsylvania's state flower called?
what book did niccolo machiavelli write?
what religions are found in australia?
what college did drew bledsoe?
where is the mtv headquarters?
who does michael vick play for?
what is guatemala current system of government?
what is anderson silva trained in?
what caused the asian currency crisis?
which countries does russia border?
what season did brooke burke won?
what does pixar produce?
what did emily dickinson die of?
who was king or queen after james i?
who played lois lane in superman 1?
what was elie wiesel's father's name?
where is st vincent de paul buried?
what language do fiji people speak?
what victoria beckham kids names?
where is new york in the map?
where did france surrender ww2?
what did jimmy valvano die with?
what teams did charles barkley?
when was bill clinton elected president?
where did giovanni pierluigi da palestrina live?
when was the 2012 calgary stampede?
when michael jordan got drafted?
what kind of money do the philippines use?
who played dorothy in the wizard of oz movie?
who does marion barber play 4?
what college did james franco go to?
how many teams are there in the ncaa football?
who is garrett pretty little liars?
what type of currency should i take to mexico?
what did lucille ball die of?
what religion was john f kennedy?
where was the earthquake in chile 2010?
what style of art does andy warhol do?
what movies did ron howard do?
what county is charlotte north carolina?
what type of government and economic system does the united states have?
who is michelle obama?
where did kate middleton go to prep school?
what type of government does nigeria have today?
what did hans oersted discovered in 1819?
what is the very first harry potter book?
what kourtney kardashian name her daughter?
when did the lions last win a thanksgiving game?
what kind of government does chile have today?
where did richard arkwright die?
who played luke skywalker in star wars episode 4?
what movies has taylor lautner?
where does sam bradford play?
where did vietnam originate?
what was the first newspaper called in australia?
where was hackney 2012 held?
where does the st louis rams play football?
what year did scottie pippen come into the nba?
where are you if you re in zagreb?
which country has won the cricket world cup the most times?
what city was selena gomez born in?
who does dominic monaghan play in lord of the rings?
which country does south africa border 2 the north?
who sang for pink floyd?
who played john connor friend in terminator 2?
what is the current time in nigeria lagos?
what shows did henry winkler produce?
what state was texaco gas founded?
what is the official language of china and 3 other dialects?
who is the senator of connecticut 2010?
when was the last time the dallas cowboys went to the super bowl?
what episode does rukia fade away?
what is brazil time zone?
who wrote john 3 16 in the bible?
what do people in the czech republic speak?
where did bruno mars get his start?
who was tex beneke?
what are all the things thomas edison invented?
what does albania speak?
what is shakira's nationality?
where did the sultan of the ottoman empire live?
who is playing bilbo baggins?
what position did george washington serve in the constitutional convention?
where is the 2012 ncaa basketball tournament?
what episode did kate leave ncis?
where are the seneca indians now?
what did farrah dad do?
where did matt barnes play?
where does the jordan river begin?
what college did lil wayne graduated from?
where did rihanna come from?
who does kurt busch drive for now?
what years did the knicks win the championship?
what is the time zone in uk now?
what does dustin diamond do now?
what state did thomas jefferson live in?
where are google headquarters located?
who is princess leia?
what was richard wright known for?
where is the nascar hall of fame?
what do australia call their money?
what was the name of wright brothers plane?
where is located university of leeds?
who is gilbert gottfried snl?
what language do they denmark?
what did martin luther do?
what team did grover cleveland alexander play for?
what was eli whitney nationality?
what was christiaan barnard famous for?
where was dwight d. eisenhower from?
where do audi come from?
what team is chris paul on?
what to do washington dc december?
what language is spoken in singapore?
who is sanjay gupta married too?
what do singapore speak?
what movies did luke perry play in?
who wrote the book of st. john?
who is kobe bryant dad?
what continent does israel belong to?
what is the capital city of albania?
where is thomas jefferson's home?
what is wentworth miller in?
what is the capital of spain in 2010?
who killed harvey milk?
what was the title of the first book dr. seuss wrote?
who owns nissan car manufacturer?
where is the university of west alabama located?
what did kenny everett die off?
what main language do they speak in brazil?
where does joey king live?
what happened to justin bieber 2012?
how many australian states and territories?
what was manchester united first name?
who is the governor of hawaii now?
when did herbert hoover become president?
where did elvis presley started his career?
what happened vince mcmahon?
what jobs did harriet tubman have?
where does unesco operate?
what does canada grow for food?
where in the bible does it talk about david?
what does amanda seyfried play in?
what language do people speak in iran?
what is the jurisdiction of the us supreme court?
what voice does hank azaria do on the simpsons?
who is the leader of japan?
what time zone is the uk in right now?
what instrument does bela fleck play?
what position does ray allen?
what branch is made up of the house of representatives?
where did kurds originate from?
where did chancellorsville battle take place?
what year was the cubs last world series?
who is playing hawkeye in the avengers movie?
what country speak english as native language?
who was king or queen after victoria?
what movie did rihanna play in?
when was the last time the oakland raiders were in the super bowl?
what religion was mary todd lincoln?
who is the house of representatives made up of?
who all has jason kidd played for?
where is headquarters of verizon?
where is the country of cyprus located?
who invented dell computer?
where did morgan freeman come from?
where did bob barker grow up?
what are king charles spaniels?
when was the chinese flag designed?
where did boston terriers come from?
what makes einstein smart?
who played juni in spy kids 4?
what year did the new york mets start?
where did neil gaiman grow up?
what books did aristotle wrote?
where is eu headquarters located?
who runs the cornelia marie now?
where did john muir die?
where was selena gomez raised?
what countries are in the andean region?
who created english alphabet?
when was the last time the san francisco giants won a world series?
what airport do you fly into for destin?
who played violet's mother in charlie and the chocolate factory?
what country was george washington from?
what year did pete rose play?
where does kyla ross live?
when did allen iverson get drafted?
what does jackson browne sing?
who plays ferris bueller's best friend?
what has anna kendrick been in?
what are the major imports of the united states?
what are the team colors for the pittsburgh steelers?
what is the current government system in france?
what did roy rogers die of?
what is calabria italy?
what did the new orleans hornets used to be?
what are the major religions practiced in israel?
what does jamaica manufacturer?
what years did andrew jackson run for president?
what 4 countries make up great britain?
where did madoff live in nyc?
how many languages are there in the philippines?
what song is monifah famous for?
who did heinrich himmler marry?
who carries sherwin williams paint?
who was josh groban in crazy stupid love?
where is the columbia university located?
what team does kris humphries play for in 2011?
what did the scientist thomson discover?
where did john boehner come from?
where did martin luther king junior go to college?
who was carrie underwood in soul surfer?
who plays lois griffin in family guy?
what did julian fellowes write?
where does selena gomez live map?
who does the islam worship?
who was married to lance armstrong?
what is venus named for?
who did john fox coach for?
where are the nuclear plants in uk?
what years have the dodgers won the world series?
what did farrah have surgery for?
who was the leader of the soviet union in 1945?
who does john beck play for?
what god do catholics believe in?
what movies have kenya moore produced?
where did robbie hummel go to high school?
what year did the cleveland indians go to the world series?
who owns the cleveland browns?
what language do jewish speak?
what legal system does germany use?
who does danneel harris play on one tree hill?
what inspired michelangelo?
what battle did germany surrender in ww2?
who was the colts coach in 2011?
what airport is closer to downtown houston?
where does liz mcclarnon live?
what city is fc schalke 04 in?
what system of government is used in south korea?
where did giovanni da verrazano come from?
what airport is close to daytona beach florida?
what was omar epps first movie?
who did the baltimore ravens draft in 2011?
who won the governor election in puerto rico?
where did william shakespeare perform most of his plays?
what group is aubrey o'day in?
what college did joe namath go to?
what wild animals live in colorado?
where is eu parliament?
when does summer start in new england?
who invented arabic alphabet?
where was president lyndon johnson from?
what did wagner compose?
what language did jewish people speak?
who does michael oher play for in 2009?
what years did barry bonds play?
who played emma frost?
what does the mayan calendar say about 2012?
what clubs has peter crouch played for?
who plays the brother in hannah montana?
what team does lamar odom play for 2011?
what highschool did tom brady go to?
who owns skywest?
who did michael jordan marry?
where is the syracuse university?
what has mario lopez been in?
where do logan browning live?
when did mcdonalds officially open?
what team does terrell owens play for this year?
what to do with kids in halifax?
where is lake waynoka ohio?
who did jeremy lin sign with?
who will sponsor kevin harvick in 2011?
where adidas originate?
who played emperor palpatine?
what is 2pm est in philippines?
where are the pyramids of giza located?
when does sally pearson race tonight?
who were demeter's brothers and sisters?
what instrument was louis armstrong famous for?
what date did the san francisco giants win the world series?
what province is canada's capital located in?
on which continent is the usa located?
where is singapore on a world map?
what to see in london in june 2012?
what is the main language of israel?
what college did kerry collins?
what did bob ross die of?
who was king hussein?
where did martin luther live in?
where is made kia car?
what are all the songs nicki minaj is in?
what groups was hitler involved in?
what college did magic johnson go to?
what kind of language do they speak in greece?
what to see in chicago downtown?
what kind of money does the philippines use?
what did george eastman make?
what movies has billy burke been in?
who was rudolf virchow?
who were ulysses s grant and robert e lee?
what is the last movie brittany murphy made?
with which countries does south africa trade?
what kind of language do they speak in china?
what office does hillary clinton hold?
where does portuguese language come from?
what are the major religions in uk?
where did jennifer hudson go to school?
what type of guitar does john mayer play?
when did toronto blue jays become a team?
what is the zip code for moorpark ca?
what continent is the usa located in?
what is the currency of spain called?
which country is to the north of the united states of america?
what 3 states border the pacific ocean?
what did mozart do to become famous?
where was avril lavigne born?
what are the 3 official languages of spain?
what type of government does australia currently have?
which countries do germany border?
what county is tampa located in?
who has coached the minnesota vikings?
what movies have queen latifah played in?
what is the short name for stephanie?
where are they now jessica mcclure?
what year did tim duncan enter the nba?
who played alf on the tv show?
who was the vice president when bill clinton was in office?
which countries does south africa export to?
what to do in downtown waukesha?
what other cars does gm make?
who did george lucas get engaged to?
what movies does leo howard play in?
what instruments does john williams use?
who does messi play with?
what is the language spoken in brazil?
who was johnny cash's first wife?
where do tasmanian devils live?
what a city in montana?
what timezone is toronto canada?
what was the milwaukee brewers old name?
what type of political system does russia have?
what is the political system in egypt?
what airport is in kauai hawaii?
what is kevin durant play style?
where are vw cc made?
what team chris paul play for?
what currency should i take to jamaica?
what is illinois state bird?
what places can you visit in france?
what did richard nixon do for a living before he became president?
what three continents touch the atlantic ocean?
what language do u speak in egypt?
what teams has lionel messi played for?
what countries in north america continent?
what time zone is colorado springs co?
what school did sergio romo go to?
who did adam sandler married?
when did the name jehovah first appear?
who play luke skywalker?
what is the best island to visit in greece?
where did john howard live?
what music did beethoven composed?
what does the name rome mean?
what inspired scott fitzgerald?
what did george steinbrenner do?
who was hadrian and what did he do?
what influenced langston hughes to write?
where did pablo picasso die?
what to do in seattle during the summer?
where did henry hudson travel?
who was judy collins married to?
when was the last time the toronto maple leafs make the playoffs?
what do they speak in cambodia?
what kind of insurance does geico offer?
who is the prime minister of new zealand now?
what time is nebraska now?
what did nick carter sister died of?
who is james dean?
where did bob dylan live?
who do roman catholics give authority to?
where did pres. obama go to school?
who is nina dobrev playing in perks of being a wallflower?
when did moscow burn?
what is there to see in barcelona?
who is larry ellison oracle?
what is the zip code for fort stockton texas?
what teams drafted the morris twins?
what state does obama come from?
who does tim howard play for club?
what did egyptians speak?
what is vanderbilt's mascot?
what did whitney houston die off?
when was george w bush sworn in?
what middle school did barack obama attend?
what are the airports in chicago?
what was van gogh famous for?
where did jane goodall go to school?
who won 2012 presidential election in france?
what does donald trump own?
what did thomson discover with his cathode ray tube experiment?
where did emily murphy go to school?
what are the major religions in russia?
what do most nigerians speak?
who was the general for the british in the revolutionary war?
what to do at fairfield ca?
where president nixon was born?
what currency does thailand accept?
what else did eli whitney invent?
who founded collegehumor?
where did barack obama attend school?
what jobs did albert einstein have?
where to travel around sydney?
what are the names of michael jackson movies?
what are the islands of oceania?
what timezone is illinois on?
what is the currency in france?
where is the head office of hsbc bank?
what is the currency in england 2012?
where was martin cooper from?
where is spain exactly located?
what is the currency name of china?
what movies did charlie hunnam play in?
what kind of government does italy have?
what medium is the school of athens?
what year michael jordan came in the nba?
what year did florida marlins win the world series?
what movie did marlee matlin won an academy award for?
who is leann rimes with now?
who is the current leader of china today?
where north dakota located?
what countries did queen elizabeth ii rule?
who played forrest gump as a kid?
where was the battle of vicksburg held?
what kind of artist is henri matisse?
what are the duggars kids names and ages?
where does ben stiller live in ny?
what is the official language in mexico?
what wars did ulysses s grant served in?
who is the head coach of the tennessee titans?
what type of government does fiji have?
in what state did the bloody battle of antietam take place?
where did vietnamese people originate from?
who was dan cody?
what language do people speak in turkey?
what are all the inventions benjamin franklin made?
what was wrong with joan crawford?
who does debbie dingle go out with?
what country was anton van leeuwenhoek from?
what is the time in france if it is 8am in scotland?
who played todd manning on one life to live?
what does latin america consist of?
who is the manager of the st louis cardinals?
where in oregon was stand by me filmed?
what country vasco da gama sail for?
what did writers of the harlem renaissance write about?
what is the language they speak in jamaica?
where to live in duluth ga?
what is the currency in australia 2011?
where did prophet daniel died?
what state was theodore roosevelt from?
what does the term prima donna mean?
what form of government does brazil have?
where did lebron james go to highschool?
where was toussaint l'ouverture from?
where do the fla marlins play?
what type of art does wassily kandinsky do?
who won london mayoral elections 2012?
who was arthur miller father?
what influenced william morris to be an artist?
where do the abenaki indians live?
what super bowls have the giants won?
where was rod stewart born?
what did jack kevorkian go to prison for?
which country uses euro as its main currency?
who is ruling tunisia now?
who played eowyn in the lord of the rings movies?
where is the parliament in south africa?
what important office did abraham lincoln hold?
which country has adopted the euro as its currency ( 1 point )?
where did michael jordan play high school basketball?
what type of cancer did huell howser die of?
what timezone is minneapolis in?
who is aidan davis?
who is samantha gibb?
what was nicolaus copernicus occupation?
what did richard arkwright contribute to the industrial revolution?
what kind of currency does greece have?
when did manchester united first win a trophy?
where is the mozambique located?
where is isthmus of panama located?
what to see in washington dc in 2 days?
where is azerbaijan?
what is the money of argentina called?
what college did matt schaub play for?
what did bella abzug do?
what sights to see in madrid?
what good things has angelina jolie done?
what films has gerard butler starred in?
what films did hans zimmer wrote music for?
where was alice paul born?
what did john quincy adams died of?
what is means testing medicare?
who did juan ponce de leon mary?
what time zone in the uk?
what is the political system in italy?
who is the leader of france 2012?
who is raquel welch's daughter?
what kind of art did leonardo da vinci produce?
what does the zambezi river flow into?
what states does the connecticut river flow through?
what money is used in the maldives?
what is anderson cooper?
where does mike leach coach?
what is the zip code of new york city?
what condition does michael j fox have?
where did jrr tolkien live?
what are the major languages of italy?
what to do in panama city beach fl?
what is currency in dominican republic?
where is san miguel mexico on map?
where does the tsunami happened in japan?
where are the great pyramid of giza located?
what was liam neeson's character in star wars?
who plays the voice of lois griffin?
what team does sergio aguero play for?
what is the capital of georgia?
when did they stop making ford rangers?
what color is miley cyrus red hair?
who is the present chief justice of the u.s. supreme court?
who is susan st james?
what is chris paul's son name?
what did einstein invent?
who does josh hutcherson play in the hunger games?
where to eat in miami florida?
what is the state flag of colorado called?
who plays claire in lost?
who are senators from new jersey?
who does jamie campbell bower play in breaking dawn?
what language do denmark?
where marie curie come from?
who is facebook's founder?
what kind of money do you use in aruba?
what language do people speak in costa rica?
what kind of music does john mayer play?
what is lil wayne real name?
what is the political system of the us?
what religions are practiced in afghanistan?
where is the world series 2012 being played?
what kind of language do irish speak?
what cancer did audrey hepburn died of?
where does allen iverson live now?
where was dwight howard born?
where do guyanese people live?
what timezone is texas san antonio in?
where is alexandria located?
who was the fascist dictator of germany?
what is australian currency?
what did michelle obama do?
what team does chris humphrey play for?
where do most chinese live?
when did the raiders win the superbowl?
where is the euro used?
how rich is the roman catholic church?
what year is it going to be on the jewish calendar?
where did pixie lott go to school?
what date did we invade iraq?
what is the new orleans hornets new name?
what did darry look like?
who is hugh hefner dating now in 2012?
what do the buddha believe in?
when did braves win the world series?
what is the name of walt disney's son?
what are some sights to see in rome?
where is jack daniels tennessee whiskey made?
what is the battle of antietam?
what time zone is it in london england?
who was governor of texas in 2003?
what is yale university mascot?
what is the currency used in tunisia?
what language group does polish belong to?
what is the name of the new orleans saints football stadium?
what are five countries that border france?
where was hockey world cup 2010 held?
where did kaiser wilhelm fled to?
when did yuvraj made his odi debut?
what type of music was scott joplin noted for?
where did sergio romo go to college?
what happened to peter parker's uncle?
where is adam smith from?
who became president after harding died?
in what city did machiavelli live?
what illnesses did george washington have?
where is north port florida located?
who is jennifer lawrence boyfriend 2012?
who was the voice of kitt?
who is the speaker of the house of representatives currently?
when did sean murray first appear on ncis?
who is abraham maslow?
where did the cuban missile crisis happen?
what is benedict arnold famous for?
where is the original mona lisa?
what is jill wagner on wipeout?
what type of language does peru speak?
where is port lavaca tx?
which team does ronaldinho play for 2013?
what kind of books does nicholas sparks wrote?
what happened to the people in chernobyl?
what countries has spanish as their official language?
who was the communist dictator of north korea?
who was the leader of germany in wwii?
what business does raj kundra do?
what movies is molly ringwald in?
what is the time zone in california called?
what team does drogba play for 2013?
what did michael faraday accomplish?
what was the name of the newspaper where hemingway wrote?
who will alex smith play for in 2011?
what is the northeast of the united states?
what does the dutch word boer mean?
what currency does brazil use?
what timezone does sweden have?
who played lois en superman?
where does the zambezi river end?
what did mister rogers do before tv?
what is the money currency in switzerland?
what state did george washington live in?
where is mount vernon virginia?
where is kia car from?
where did noah live before the flood?
when did george w bush take office?
where do the kansas city chiefs play?
what countries does the mississippi river run through?
in what modern country is the yucatan peninsula located?
what does starbucks sell?
who is lincoln steffens?
what type of political system does iran have?
who does the voice of lois in family guy?
what are all the movies channing tatum has been in?
where is the country of panama located?
what state did woodrow wilson represent?
what hardships did teddy roosevelt overcome?
where is university of alabama located?
who was arthur miller influenced by?
which countries use euro money?
where is el salvador located?
what year was kevin durant drafted?
what illnesses did george washington suffer from?
what are some places to visit in barcelona?
what happened to nina simone?
where is wellsville missouri?
who played princess leia from star wars?
who is the current queen of australia?
where did galileo go to school?
who all was richard burton married to?
who did david villa play for?
what did copernicus invented?
what's jamaica country code?
where robert frost went to school?
who should play harley quinn?
what currency should i take to dubai?
what county is plainfield il in?
what country is the mekong river located in?
who founded the sisters of saint joseph?
who shot and killed president john f kennedy?
what is there to do in gatlinburg in december?
where does the english football team train?
who did anne frank wrote her diary to?
who is tony romo engaged to?
what do people in south africa speak?
where great britain located?
what state was hillary clinton a senator for?
what market does starbucks operate in?
what country does nike operate in?
what cities are in oakland county michigan?
what characters does trey parker voice?
where will euro 2012 be?
who the voice of lois griffin?
when did the 7th harry potter book come out?
what is the parliament of canada called?
where is south carolina located?
who are paul revere's parents?
what political system does russia use?
what are american staffordshire terriers?
who is the current coach of the chicago bulls?
what language is mainly spoken in england?
what awards has morgan freeman won?
who will michael schumacher drive for in 2013?
what kind of government does the united states have today?
who were michael jackson's brothers and sisters?
when is the last time the chicago bulls won a championship?
what is the braves mascot?
where to stay in paris france?
what teams did george steinbrenner own?
who does christopher walken play in batman returns?
what to see and do in revelstoke?
what land did god give to israel?
what guitar did andres segovia use?
what style of art did vincent van gogh do?
what was nicolaus copernicus discovery?
where did the tutsi come from?
what country did osama bin laden live in?
where was the roman empire centered?
who played samuel sullivan in heroes?
which ocean does the murray river flow into?
what time zone is cincinnati oh in?
who was jacob riis and why was he important?
where does peter king live?
what are west african countries?
who became president when jfk was killed?
where is mallorca?
where are the mines in victoria?
what years have the cubs been in the world series?
what car companies does ford motor company own?
what did god say to abraham about circumcision?
what type of government does the bahamas?
what style of music did jimi hendrix play?
what character does mila kunis play on family guy?
who played anakin skywalker in phantom menace?
what language do the people in ghana speak?
where is luke afb arizona?
what language people speak in belgium?
where was the battle of vicksburg located?
where is the cruise ship terminal in vancouver bc?
where was the gallipoli campaign waged?
what was lincoln's wife's name?
what does the japanese call their country?
what did king george vi die of?
what type of currency is used in the united kingdom?
where did brad paisley graduate from college?
what city was robert kennedy killed in?
when are school holidays in queensland 2013?
who plays the new michael myers?
who was killed first tupac or biggie?
what kind of currency to bring to mexico?
who won the nobel peace prize in 2007?
what theme songs did alan thicke wrote?
what films did patrick swayze star in?
where is sony headquarters?
who is liz lemon getting married to?
who plays sarah wittle in jumanji?
what type of music is tchaikovsky?
when is wimbledon tennis tournament?
what year did ted kennedy run for president?
where did helen keller go to school?
what shows are on in london at the moment?
where is german an official language?
what language do you speak in iran?
who did tupac shakur date?
who does paul bettany play in the avengers?
what is the closest airport to naples florida?
what did larry hagman die of?
who is the governor of colorado 2009?
what timezone is michigan usa?
what blood disease does robin roberts have?
who seized power in italy in 1922?
what show is jill wagner on?
who did megan fox have a baby with?
what currency does senegal use?
where to get married in north alabama?
what do ethnic russians look like?
what places made up the western roman empire?
what experiments did marie curie conduct?
what company did mitt romney run?
what is vito corleone real name?
what is the king of spain's name?
who is blackwell?
where did justin bieber grew up?
what district does john cornyn represent?
when was the last superbowl win for the steelers?
what language do they speak in argentina yahoo?
who drafted kevin garnett?
what is zip code for chicago illinois?
what is the name of book written by helen keller?
what did bruce jenner win gold for?
who did the voice of darth vader in star wars?
what are the duggars kids full names?
who is prime minister of japan 2011?
what year did aaron rodgers get drafted?
what equipment does porter robinson use?
who plays the voice of kovu?
who is martin luther king jr wife?
who is the new governor of florida 2011?
what kind of money does the uk use?
what books did jules verne wright?
where in oklahoma are scorpions found?
where does the philadelphia union soccer team play?
where is the portuguese language derived from?
what 5 countries border ethiopia?
what does qatar export?
what type of planes does virgin america fly?
what city is the university of maryland university college in?
where did anne frank live before the war?
where was joseph p kennedy born?
which country is located directly east of belgium?
who are iran's major trading partners?
where do the san francisco giants play baseball?
what happened to the battle of shiloh?
what type of currency does egypt have?
what club team is diego forlan on?
what state is kaplan university online located?
who do rastafarians worship?
what timezone are the bahamas?
where did l frank baum die?
what is the episode of family guy when peter makes his own country?
what inspired steinbeck to write?
who is the leader of cuba 2012?
where did gareth southgate play?
what musical instruments did duke ellington play?
where is the bank of america pavilion?
what all does google have?
what is the boston celtics current roster?
what features do islam and christianity have in common?
what was queen victoria queen of?
who plays ray barone?
what movies did robert blake play in?
what tv shows are taped in new york city?
what did gerald ford die of?
where is the gobi desert located?
what kind of mental illness did howard hughes have?
who is prime minister of japan 2012?
what city was barack obama born in?
what airport do you fly into to get to cabo san lucas?
what countries speak spanish wikipedia?
what films have johnny depp been in?
who runs china 2011?
what major airport is near destin florida?
what country did vasco da gama came from?
what is the current government of vietnam?
what countries was the vietnam war between?
what to see outside of paris?
what does nazis stand for?
where is the nfl hall of fame located and when was the building opened?
where did laura ingalls wilder live?
who did jason segel date?
where christopher columbus was born?
who did kat graham play in parent trap?
what does sammy hagar sing?
who plays young lex luthor in smallville?
who is lamar odom playing for in 2012?
what are the main sports in new zealand?
who makes lois griffin voice?
what is the zip code for trenton ga?
what language do you speak in finland?
what kind of system of government does the united states have?
what inventions did da vinci made?
what was lebron james rookie year?
what are shirley temple kids names?
who does malcom floyd play for?
what position does terrell owens play?
what is julia gillard famous for?
what did kourtney kardashian go to college for?
what are the four official languages of nigeria?
where is bergen belsen concentration camp located?
who was louis xvi?
what was the name of tecumseh brother?
what did donna summers die from?
what year did allen iverson get married?
where was selena gomez really born?
who did lamar odom sign with?
what is the best neighborhood to live in in philadelphia?
when did the battle of thermopylae occur?
where did eleanor roosevelt go to school?
what do you say after a sneeze in german?
what country does turkey trade with?
where is husqvarna 235 made?
what do people speak in singapore?
what is the currency in slovakia 2012?
what is the mascot of dartmouth college?
what country is next to russia?
who played jacob black?
who pays social security and medicare?
what movies star adam sandler?
what university did bill clinton graduated from?
who plays jackson gibbs on ncis?
where did president kennedy go to school?
when did the ny knicks last win a championship?
what happened at fukushima daiichi nuclear plant?
who was louis kossuth?
what country do arabic people come from?
when did the red sox win the pennant?
where did harry truman die?
what was prince charles last name?
what was reagan before president?
what type of legal system does italy have?
where did bernie madoff work?
what website did mark zuckerberg co founder?
what bass does jared followill use?
who played captain kirk in star trek?
what type of currency does the us have?
what currency does thailand use?
where is canadian county oklahoma?
in which province islamabad is located?
what does rob kardashian do for living?
where is oceania on a map?
what did nintendo announce at e3 2012?
what can you do in palm springs ca?
where is red lake ontario?
when was the last time the ny giants played in the superbowl?
who is adam sandler?
who was the president of pakistan in 1980?
which college did barack obama attend?
where was st elizabeth ann seton born?
what does the adriatic sea border?
what time do the polls open in indiana 2012?
what teams played in the 2010 stanley cup?
what colony is john adams from?
what countries do germany border?
who does russia trade with the most?
what language do the assyrians speak?
who plays mary jane in spiderman 3?
where was abraham lincoln buried?
who was the grandson of king david's father?
when president lincoln was elected?
when was the last time the oakland raiders won the super bowl?
what did theodore roosevelt do that brought him to national prominence?
where is devon sawa now?
who did the cleveland browns draft?
who was marilyn monroe's parents?
what to do when traveling to london?
where is shoreditch?
what should i do today in houston?
where does the spanish language come from?
when do they change the time in london?
where does ryan lochte live now?
what timezone is tennessee nashville?
what political party was henry clay?
what is capital city of ontario?
what money is used in england?
who did corey feldman married?
who is the voice of lois from family guy?
what was walt disney's first cartoon called?
what did mary harris jones accomplish?
what currency do i need in egypt?
who was the founder of the colony of virginia?
where is ellis park rugby stadium?
what does the letters eu stand for?
what are the 5 countries in the united kingdom?
what label is jojo signed to?
who is the state senator of kentucky?
where did douglas macarthur die?
what does russian people speak?
who is playing jason morgan on general hospital?
where is hong kong china?
what countries do they speak italian?
who does david beckham play for in 2013?
who nikki reed play in twilight?
who does blake griffin play for in the nba?
who played mulder in the x files?
what are bridgit mendler's parents names?
what tourist attractions are in houston texas?
who are the current maryland senators?
where is the capital of canada on the map?
what time does barnes and noble close on saturday?
what kind of paintings did frida kahlo do?
what was francisco vasquez de coronado known for?
what form of government does greece use?
where did the columbia river begin?
who was the original voice of meg on family guy?
what movies has michael clarke duncan been in?
who did matt barnes married?
who won the nobel peace prize in 2011 for physics?
what is jessica ennis sport?
where is tahiti bora bora?
what are all of michael jackson albums?
where did joe namath live?
who is my state senator and representative minnesota?
what films has kristen stewart starred in?
where do samsung lions play?
where did lee surrender to grant to end the civil war?
what does annie leibovitz do?
what teams did derek fisher play for in the nba?
who did mike tomlin play for?
what kind of currency does cuba use?
who is ben roethlisberger parents?
what movies have robert pattinson starred in?
what are the zoroastrian scriptures called?
what political party is barack obama from?
what organization did martin luther king lead?
where did the name nazi come from?
what was arthur conan doyle famous for?
what year did michael jordan started his career?
what currency should you take to thailand?
what kind of guitar does jemaine clement play?
where is greyhound station in washington dc?
where was lance armstrong born and in what year?
what kind of money is used in israel?
where is george bush from?
what did william howe do in the revolutionary war?
who is the falcons quarterback 2012?
what is the zip code for trenton ohio?
what is north dakota state's mascot?
what is the work of charles darwin?
what movies have adam sandler been in?
what was one of benjamin franklin's inventions?
where did phil mickelson go to college?
what is the most practiced religion in the us?
what does duffy sing?
what school did tupac go to?
what does guyana speak?
where did the flemish live?
what year did the houston rockets win their first championship?
what college did harry s. truman attend?
what is the official language spoken in mexico?
what county is minneapolis mn in?
what religion in thailand?
who is queen elizabeth 1 father?
what other languages does switzerland speak?
what team is ronaldinho on?
who plays paul blart?
who is kobe bryant wife bio?
what kind of government system does canada have?
what type of government did sparta greece have?
where to vacation in italy in august?
what culture lived in teotihuacan?
what kind of voting system does japan have?
what are the names of all the countries in africa?
who started the first persian gulf war?
what is the name of the pittsburgh steelers stadium?
who was cleopatra married too?
where was nicki minaj born?
what was jesse james wife name?
who plays spike in buffy the vampire slayer?
where was emperor hadrian born?
when was gardasil released to the public?
who became president when roosevelt died in office?
where did martin luther king went to school?
where did charles drew go to college?
what was the colosseum in rome used for?
who voice acts peter griffin?
who was charles darwin married to?
who plays lynette on desperate housewives?
what year was michael jordan rookie year?
what timezone is the state of texas?
what did chadwick identify?
what airport is closest to ithaca ny?
where did kurt cobain die?
what county is jackson michigan in?
where was the battle of verdun held?
what system of government does nigeria have?
who played boss hogg dukes of hazzard?
who played kitt in knight rider?
what religion did the ottoman turks follow?
what is vanderbilt university known for?
what timezone is toronto gmt?
what religion is king henry viii?
what countries did germany take over during world war 2?
where did james baldwin go to school?
who was joseph pulitzer and what did he do?
where do you fly into for destin?
where did jane austen grow up?
what was basketball player michael jordan's major in college?
who made the american red cross?
what kind government does canada have?
where does dr. sanjay gupta practice?
what did newton discover or invent?
who played daniel larusso?
what happened to umaga wwe?
when is the next geneva motor show?
who does david beckham play for in 2012?
when and where did the battle of antietam take place?
what movies did jj abrams direct?
what countries does armenia border?
what season does haley have her second baby?
what two countries speak italian?
when richard nixon was president?
what job did martin luther king jr have?
what characters does seth macfarlane voice?
where did macho camacho got shot at?
what has ian somerhalder played in?
what time does target in alhambra close?
who is andrew carnegie and what did he do?
who plays lorne on angel?
what form of government exists in china?
what influenced abraham lincoln to become president?
who is jeremy sumpter?
when last did real madrid win the champions league?
who was the winner of the 2009 nobel peace prize?
who is ruling north korea now?
what bible do rastafarians use?
who does cristiano ronaldo play for now 2011?
what state did henry clay represent?
what country was vasco nunez de balboa born in?
which states does the mississippi river pass through?
where was san gabriel arcangel located?
who was the emperor before nero?
what type of artwork did henri matisse produce?
what is gibby's mom's name?
what type of music does ella fitzgerald sing?
where do the orioles play spring training?
what are the best places to go in germany?
what movies are directed by steven spielberg?
what instrument does mike huckabee play?
what movies does matt damon play in?
where is basque located?
what movies does alyson stoner play in?
who did paul jr marry?
when are school holidays in uk 2011?
what region is czech republic in?
who the voice of jack skellington?
who raised queen victoria?
who are the famous athletes in kenya?
what to see in staten island new york?
what continent is greenland located?
what language do egyptians use?
what teams did gretzky play on?
where was obama educated?
who did wayne gretzky play 4?
who played sean in scrubs?
what was the name of the book hitler wrote while in prison?
where did pizarro land?
what is the name of the main train station in san francisco?
what is the large mountain range in the western united states?
what is brazilian jiu jitsu?
what are the major languages in italy?
where did the battle of new orleans start?
what does the dominican republic speak?
when did barry zito won the cy young?
who is paul revere and what did he do?
where is the thalys train station in brussels?
what airlines hub in phoenix?
where did cutler jay go to college?
who did etta james marry?
who played andy in toy story 3?
where is ann romney from?
who was galileo galilei?
what school did bill gates go to?
what movies did miley cyrus play in?
what country does dubai come under?
who do nate robinson play for?
what is there to do in mt baldy california?
where does the panama canal run through?
what years did jackie robinson play baseball?
what countries use english as national language?
who all has steve nash played for?
where does jason statham live?
what are the natural resources in wisconsin?
what language is cyprus using?
what to do in roatan bay?
what did gerald ford do?
what is the rainforest in peru called?
where is mount jefferson located?
what is the state symbols of colorado?
where did buzz williams go to college?
what battles did canada win in ww2?
which airport is closest to the city of chicago?
what part of the world is south africa in?
what movies did adam sandler play in?
who to vote for in san francisco 2012?
where is washington d.c. at?
who is the ravens quarterback 2012?
who is the current leader of china and what is their title?
when did aldi originate?
who created microsoft windows?
what is a king charles cavalier dog?
what is john steinbeck best known for?
when was barack obama elected president?
who nominated anthony kennedy?
who was the voice of darth vader in episode iii?
what year did lamar odom play for the clippers?
where the french language come from?
what is the government of chile?
what movie does natalie portman play in?
who is the head coach of the new orleans saints?
where does the shannon river flow?
what movies does zac efron star in?
what is the political system of nigeria?
where is puerto galera?
where is the battle of verdun located?
what currency does hungary have?
who plays stella in coronation street?
what all did michael jackson own?
what form of government does canada have?
what language does people speak in australia?
who married jessica simpson?
what jersey will the packers wear in the super bowl?
who controls panama?
when did baltimore orioles win the world series?
what to do and see in miami florida?
what is the currency in the dominican republic 2010?
what is happening in germany right now?
what movies did chris farley do?
who plays nana in the royal family?
who helped china in ww2?
what race are arabs?
where george washington carver go to school?
who plays steffy on bold and the beautiful?
where was the earthquake in christchurch?
what timezone is reno nv?
who was niccolo machiavelli influenced by?
what did cam newton do?
what is latin america spanish?
what continent does the bahamas belong to?
where is baybrook mall?
what state did obama win?
where did isaac newton go to high school?
what planet did princess leia call home?
where did english numbers originate from?
what kind of money do you use in costa rica?
where is bob marley from where was he born?
what year did spudd webb won the dunk contest?
what did randy jackson play in journey?
where to stay in south rim grand canyon?
what beach did the canadians assault?
what discovery did sir isaac newton make about force?
what currency can you use in aruba?
where does roman abramovich live?
who is nolan ryan married to?
where to travel in africa in january?
where did walt disney live before he died?
what did neil say on the moon?
who played carlton banks?
who does matt damon have kids with?
who is the current leader of cuba today?
what books did emily dickinson wrote?
what did anasazi indians live in?
what part of italy did most immigrants come from?
what hotel should i stay in san francisco?
what events led to napoleon's downfall?
in which state did the santa fe trail begin?
where is whitey bulger?
who created youtube?
what to do in hong kong for a week?
what currency does greece use 2012?
what influenced andy warhol's work?
what is fresno state's zip code?
who is angelina jolie husband name?
what kourtney kardashian baby girls name?
what is the present form of government in iran?
which hmv stores are open?
what were marco polo's goals?
who did marco polo travel with?
what does icelandic sound like?
where does bill richardson live?
who are the judges on the us supreme court?
what to do in dubuque this weekend?
what club did aguero play for before man city?
who plays jay adams in lords of dogtown?
what system of government is used in the united states of america?
what did the habsburg family control?
what is beyonce's daughters name?
when did the colts last win the superbowl?
what college did michael jordan play basketball for?
what songs has madonna written?
what countries are located in the netherlands?
who was andrew johnson and what did he do?
what are the best hotels to stay in san francisco?
who was lincoln's vice president when he died?
where did pope benedict xvi live?
what race did dan wheldon died in?
what language brazil use?
where is tommy emmanuel from?
with which country does south africa border?
what is there to do around austin texas?
what countries in the world speak german?
who plays effy in skins uk?
what countries use the euro as official currency?
what kind of money do the netherlands use?
which college did obama graduated?
who is henry david thoreau?
who are richard pryor children?
who is golfer dustin johnson dating?
what are the official languages in spain?
what club did santi cazorla play for?
what highschool did bill gates graduated from?
where does the atlanta braves play?
what year did detroit pistons win nba championships?
what each fold of the us flag means?
what do people from spain speak?
who played danielle rousseau on lost?
when will muharram start 2011?
who did king tut married?
how old was woodrow wilson when he was elected president?
what political party did john bell belong to?
what countries are part of nato?
what religion is mary queen of scots?
who is chris cooley married to?
where is port st johns florida?
what teams does kroenke own?
where was the battle of shiloh?
what did theodor schwann contribute to our understanding of cells?
where is kate spade from?
what countries are in the caribbean?
what freeview channel is bbc three?
when did the new york mets start playing baseball?
what party was woodrow wilson from?
what part does seth macfarlane play in family guy?
what type of government does vietnam have today?
what did ben hall do?
what type of aircraft does virgin america use?
what currency do mexico use?
where is the university of oregon state?
where put thermometer in turkey?
who did george wendt play on cheers?
who played cruella deville in 102 dalmatians?
what division did the baltimore colts play in?
what year did us invaded iraq?
what is the local currency in the dominican republic?
what is the capital city of canada on a map?
what is the name of currency used in spain?
what ethnicity are people from iran?
where did the germans come from wiki?
what movie did tom hanks won his first oscar?
when was ancient egypt created?
who played bilbo baggins?
what famous people are from kansas city?
what country did francis drake represent?
what timezone is indianapolis indiana in?
what did darwin propose as the mechanism of evolution?
who ran against bill clinton for president?
what books did lincoln write?
what are popular sports in spain?
what did corey haim act in?
who is the publisher of the wall street journal?
what products are made in the usa?
what do tibetan people speak?
what form of government does afghanistan have?
who was the wife of king edward vii?
what position did john stockton play?
what happened at the virginia tech massacre?
when did freddy krueger die?
what is there to do in niagara falls new york?
who played bernie focker?
who did troy aikman play for?
where does turkish language?
who was mendel and what did he develop?
where is universal studios california theme park?
where the grimm brothers were born?
what sport is popular in china?
what to do with kids in phx az?
where does kirk cameron live now?
what continent is greenland apart of?
which books did john the apostle write?
who made the ancient egyptian pyramids?
which asian country has the biggest population?
where did the san diego chargers originate?
who was the voice of nemo's dad?
what 4 countries are part of the united kingdom?
who was king george v father?
who won last year's nfl super bowl?
who played michael myers in halloween 4?
what language do chinese?
what did daniel tosh say that was so offensive?
what happened to nagasaki?
what language is spoken in basque?
what movies did james franco play in?
what does bob dylan sing?
what year did john adams get elected president?
what to do in palo alto ca with kids?
what country did jacques cartier came from?
what disease did abe lincoln have?
what are the holidays of islam?
who did magellan sail for?
where did irish people come from?
what represents ghana?
what to see in downtown asheville nc?
where did carrie underwood live?
what sports do canadians like?
when did carolina hurricanes win the cup?
who does jr smith play for 2012?
who currently owns the steelers?
where was toni braxton born and raised?
who has dirk nowitzki played for?
what is the currency in the dominican republic called?
where is shoreview mn?
what did maria theresa rule?
what was jack london's education?
what club team does ronaldinho play for?
which countries share borders with spain?
what is the official currency in france?
what going on in afghanistan right now?
what state did roger sherman represent at the constitutional convention?
what type of money do japanese use?
what county is bradenton fl located in?
what is molly ringwald in?
what movies has scarlett johansson played in?
what is the philadelphia church of god?
where did david duke go to college?
where does bradley cooper live now?
what mark zuckerberg?
what country did vasco da gama come from?
what country do they speak farsi?
who did japan surrender to in ww2?
where does luke skywalker live in star wars?
what basketball team does kris humphrey play for?
what is time zone in hawaii?
what is john cena doing right now?
what are two countries in south america?
where did kobe bryant attend high school?
what did doctor kevorkian do?
where is chowchilla located?
what country is vatican city in?
who played princess leia's mother in star wars?
what type of voting system does the uk have?
where is the warmest weather in the united states in december?
where donald trump went to college?
what did john howard study at university?
what did duke ellington do?
from which university did president obama receive his bachelor's degree?
what year did yankees win their first world series?
when was the last time the new england patriots won the superbowl?
what films has morgan freeman narrated?
where are the atlanta falcons located?
what is st francis patron saint of?
where was obama born?
where was tommy emmanuel born?
what techniques did frida kahlo use in her paintings?
who does larry david play in seinfeld?
what type of government does israel?
what political experience did abraham lincoln have?
where does brian williams live?
where is downtown littleton?
what did shawnee smith star in?
what division is cincinnati bengals in?
what technique did vincent van gogh use in his paintings?
where was toussaint charbonneau from?
what countries include western europe?
what timezone is new mexico currently in?
who is the current president of china 2010?
what is the legislature of missouri called?
what did harriet beecher stowe do as an abolitionist?
in which province is pretoria?
what college did jerry rice attend?
who is liz lemon marrying on 30 rock?
where was the battle of appomattox located?
what country did john cabot sail for?
when did mt st helens first erupt?
where did the name rome come from?
what time zone is fresno ca?
who was the governor of missouri in 1996?
what was the cause of death for sage stallone?
where did queen isabella live?
who played carl fredricksen in up?
where did robert pattinson go to acting school?
what language does the country italy speak?
who won the super bowl xliv 2010?
what events caused roosevelt to become more of an internationalist?
what do the colors on mali's flag represent?
when does school start in los angeles california 2011?
what years did the yankees win the championship?
what did samuel de champlain?
what was william faulkner known for?
what language did the miwok indians speak?
who was audrey hepburn's husbands?
who were queen elizabeth 1 parents?
what do you want from me jerrod niemann lyrics meaning?
what did robert koch do?
who does cristiano ronaldo play for?
what currency is best to take to dominican republic?
who's betty white?
what has been discovered on mars so far?
who is lleyton hewitt?
what movies did quentin tarantino star in?
what language does the new zealand speak?
what kind of cancer killed larry hagman have?
what kind of drugs does charlie sheen do?
who is clint eastwood dating?
what county is sacramento located in?
what did audrey hepburn died of?
what country was the treaty of versailles written?
what is st mary mascot?
who was irving berlin and what did he do?
who shot j lennon?
what happened during william henry harrison presidency?
where is the denver broncos stadium located?
where did sir ernest shackleton live?
what type of music is scott joplin?
where did the welsh language originate from?
who does leia think her father is?
what languages do people speak in switzerland?
who is president of france?
who did alf's voice?
what was theodore roosevelt's political party?
what year were the cincinnati reds founded?
where ulysses s grant go to school?
where is kia cars made?
what magazine did edgar allan poe work for?
where are sunbeam appliances made?
where did chickasaw indians live?
what happened after anne frank died?
what music did antonio vivaldi compose?
who plays batman in 2012?
what is the timezone in vancouver?
what time is world cup soccer?
what county is stockton ca located in?
what did ronnie radke do?
where does selena gomez live right now 2010?
who is the member of rajya sabha?
what form of government does czech republic have?
who is the leader of syria now?
what was eli whitney education?
what movies has renee zellweger been in?
what other writers influenced charles dickens?
where jay z was raised?
what two countries is the us at war with?
where did the assyrian empire start?
what currency does the dominican republic?
what is daniel radcliffe name in the woman in black?
what money do they use in thailand?
where was battle of verdun located?
where does avril lavigne live now?
who plays stewie griffin's voice family guy?
what should i see in london england?
what currency is used in england 2012?
what language do iraqi people speak?
where did paul rudd go to high school?
what gauge strings john mayer?
what was abe lincoln shot with?
what did regina hall play in?
who plays jacob black in twilight?
what american penny is worth money?
what book did jacob riis wrote?
what airport is close to scottsdale arizona?
who plays noah bennet?
when did the italian fascists came to power?
who won american idol 2006 season 5?
what to see in vietnam in two weeks?
where do the chicago cubs play?
where did reagan die?
when did ian thorpe become famous?
what is the language used in indonesia?
what was irving langmuir famous for?
what are the traditions in jamaica?
what is the official language of china called?
where did mitt romney go to elementary school?
where is the gulf of st lawrence river?
what was the name of martin luther king jr parents?
what money does guatemala use?
who was president when nelson rockefeller was vice president?
what year magic johnson retired?
what kind of government does spain have now?
what did freud say about women?
who plays young john winchester in supernatural?
who killed vincent chin film?
where is shakira from originally?
what region is manchester england?
where was the gettysburg war located?
what do people go to amsterdam for?
who is the elected governor of california?
what language chile speak?
what year did john glenn walk on the moon?
what currency to take to side turkey?
who founded the new democratic party?
what were the causes of the russian revolution in 1917?
what team did john madden play football for?
what does julian clary do?
where does the potomac river flow into?
where is the olympic national park located?
when does the world cup occur?
what years the steelers won the super bowl?
what art movement was vincent van gogh apart of?
where does danish language come from?
what countries are in the baltic region?
what nation did hitler lead?
what time is in london heathrow?
when were women allowed to go to the olympics?
what continent does the amazon river flow through?
what is a city in belgium?
who played elle greenaway?
what secondary school did adolf hitler go to?
who was andy williams second wife?
where are you from in egyptian arabic?
what did captain scott die of?
where does the catholic church originated from?
what city did elvis presley grew up in?
what continent is belize located in?
who was donald duck's girlfriend?
what party was winston churchill in politics?
what 4 teams did wayne gretzky play for?
who was philip randolph?
where are brembo brakes from?
what did taylor swift do at the vmas 2012?
who did russians descend from?
what to see and do in san diego california?
what is the zip code for clarksville tn?
where's wayne state?
what dialect do most chinese speak?
who is the president of cuba in 2009?
who does avril lavigne play in over the hedge?
where is the university of alabama?
where is the country of armenia?
who tom cruise been married to?
which country is gaza city located?
who is president of pakistan 2012?
what country did james watt come from?
what instrument did louis armstrong like to play?
what is the currency in germany in 2010?
what types of government does china have?
where is the boeing company?
what does bill gates own?
what organism did mendel use?
what are the two houses in congress?
what team does ladainian tomlinson play 4?
what is the major language spoken in canada?
what did camille grammer do for a living?
what jamaican language called?
what planet was luke skywalker raised on?
who did georgia o'keeffe inspired?
who does brandon jacobs play for?
what is the government structure of germany?
who was queen elizabeth the first's mother?
who is the leader of the dominican republic 2011?
where did the anglican church start?
who does obama look up to?
where did william mckinley go to high school?
who played heath barkley?
what year did baltimore ravens win the superbowl?
what is the name of the money used in spain?
what did edward jenner do for a living?
when did shawn johnson won the gold medal?
what did brittany murphy died of?
what type of political system does north korea have?
when does ramadan end 2012 indonesia?
who will play clary in city of bones?
what books did frances hodgson burnett wrote?
what year did edgar allan poe go to college?
where is amsterdam ohio?
who are the two current senators of illinois?
when did the orioles win the pennant?
who did stephenie meyer play in twilight?
what 3 countries does mexico border?
who played giles on buffy the vampire slayer?
what teams are in the american league west?
what books did robert burns wrote?
where does drogba play now?
who owns chrysler corporation 2012?
what are the name of mitt romney sons?
what was the cause of death of larry hagman?
what is the rainforest in south america called?
what school did sir isaac newton go to?
what was robert hooke's contributions to science?
how many major dialects are there in china?
in which country is mount everest found?
what form of government does germany use?
what age do scottish people go to university?
what language do haitian speak?
who is nick grimshaw?
what did florence sabin do?
who played betty rizzo in grease?
who played wesley crusher on star trek the next generation?
when did sherlock holmes live?
where did audie murphy grow up?
what school does bart simpson go to?
where is mark sanchez now?
where was the battle of verdun ww1?
what year did kobe bryant go to high school?
where is okemos michigan?
where did caroline kennedy go to school?
what type of government is the us government?
what is shakespeare's parents names?
what was sir arthur conan doyle famous for?
who is the ravens coach?
what college did ron jaworski go to?
what team does allen iverson play for now?
where did sir richard grenville explore?
what years did the atlanta braves win the world series?
when does school start in hillsborough county?
where did jfk and his wife live?
what are the basic beliefs of islam religion?
what is modern egyptian language?
where does sam shepard live?
in what state was the air force academy established?
where did the battle of the alamo start?
what do barack obama do as a president?
what are the names of harry potter books in order?
what currency should i bring to italy?
what years did the orioles play in the world series?
what does the roman empire consist of?
what did fred goodwin do?
what did isaac newton contribute to science?
what school did burne hogarth establish?
what is the economy of china?
who is marilyn monroe and why is she famous?
where is port charlotte florida located?
what time zone is it in california?
who is reba mcentire's son?
who helped form the american federation of labor?
who did julie andrews play in shrek?
what songs did whitney houston?
when did the celtics win championship?
what does canada export and import the most?
what episode does eric northman come in?
what was elijah mccoy famous for?
who did john paul jones fight for?
where does hudson river start?
where was brad paisley born and raised?
what is charlotte north carolina known for?
where is glastonbury connecticut?
what is george washington's hometown?
what is arlington texas zip code?
what years did yankees win championships?
what characters does seth macfarlane play in family guy?
what airport fly into miami?
what year did steve nash play for the mavericks?
where is arabic used?
what book did charles darwin write on evolution?
what are all songs by taylor swift?
what instruments does katy perry play?
who was francis drake married to?
where were the chickasaw indians located?
where does don king live?
when was tom brady first superbowl win?
who did deborah sampson married?
what form of government does mexico?
who played mickey on days of our lives?
what movies does nicole kidman star in?
who was michael jackson first girlfriend?
where to stay in san francisco ca?
what team does reggie bush play for 2011?
where did kate chopin grow up?
who is the current president of dominican republic 2011?
what money system does greece use?
who played obi wan kenobi in phantom menace?
what is the newspaper in phoenix?
where is luke bryan from?
who invented facebook wikipedia?
what country surrounds spain?
when and where was william shakespeare buried?
what type of tennis racket does john mcenroe use?
where did captain james cook grow up?
where is sony headquarters located?
who wore the darth vader suit in revenge of the sith?
what movies has scarlett johansson in?
where is alex rodriguez from?
what school did michael jordan play for?
who invented morse code?
what happened to adolf hitler at the end of the war?
what is the political system in england?
who was vice president under ronald reagan?
what does rupert murdoch own 2012?
where did william howard taft go to high school?
when did the chicago bulls win their first championship?
which four states touch mexico?
what did sammy davis jr die of?
what did anna nicole smith died from?
what country did francis drake explored for?
what two countries share a border with the great lakes?
what year did dwayne wade came to the nba?
where is the dan patrick studio?
where did jackie kennedy go to college?
what do italy people eat for breakfast?
what religion does tom cruise follow?
what is the president of france's name?
what language do lakota indians speak?
what is the money called in spain?
where is the great pyramid of giza situated?
where is john deere made?
what money is used in the ukraine?
where did ayn rand live?
when was the civil war in libya?
where are the headquarters of the united nations organization found?
what did charles lindbergh became famous for in the 1920s?
what influenced roy lichtenstein artwork?
what state did romney governor?
which countries border lake victoria?
what movies does ryan gosling star in?
where is kentucky located?
where john tyler was born?
where the english came from?
what place did thomas jefferson died?
when is next t20 world cup cricket?
what is the time zone in france?
what kind of economy was the soviet union?
what county is lancaster ca located in?
who is steve nash married to?
where is compaq laptops made?
what is the name of the bengals quarterback?
what job does janelle brown have?
what do michelle obama do for a living?
who was the founder of rhode island?
who was dr seuss?
who does paul wesley play in 24?
what continent is australia in?
what is roshon fegan's heritage?
where is spanish springs nv?
what club does ronaldinho play for 2012?
what is the name of the sacred text of islam?
where did richard nixon go to high school?
who stars in the movie fred claus?
who won the 2012 snooker masters?
where did madoff live?
what killed sammy davis jr?
where to hang out in chicago?
what are the best things to do in san diego?
what currency do you use in costa rica?
who are the senators of kansas 2013?
what influenced jackson pollock's work?
what state was john adams elected from?
who played young sam winchester?
what is the official language of the ukraine?
who won 2001 fa cup?
what songs did duane allman sing?
who played darth vader in the original star wars movies?
when do we change the clocks in 2011 in australia?
what team did joe hart play for before man city?
who did scarlett johansson married?
what team did doug williams play for?
what are the different sports in the philippines?
who won the presidential race in venezuela?
where did willy wonka take place?
what degree did martin luther king get?
what type of music did vivaldi write?
what books has elie wiesel written?
when did the boston celtics win their first championship?
who is cameron crowe?
what is the national anthem of russia?
what college did lee corso attend?
what films did liam neeson star in?
what are all the countries in nato?
what does tim gunn do for a living?
what was eli whitney job?
what city are the swiss alps in?
what political party was adolf hitler from?
who did hermione granger marry?
who was the first jedi master?
what areas did henry hudson discover?
what does taiwan people speak?
what made angela davis famous?
what state is george washington university located in?
what is the state bird and flower of michigan?
what is al in arabic names?
where was governor cuomo born?
who are the judges of the supreme court?
who is the president of brazil now?
what years have the ravens won the super bowl?
what money to take to sri lanka?
what year did the mets win their first world series?
who was leonardo da vinci teacher?
where did newt gingrich attend college?
where did thomas jefferson died?
what football teams did emmitt smith play for?
where did joe namath attend college?
what city is purdue university located?
what language does people in thailand speak?
where is ibrahim chatta from?
what does beth tweddle compete in?
what airport is closest to downtown toronto?
what did emily bronte died of?
what to do around krabi thailand?
what country is george washington carver from?
who is playing bilbo in the hobbit movie?
what else is there in orlando besides disney?
when did kennedy get elected?
what kind of currency do they use in thailand?
who is the actor that plays rico in hannah montana?
what time zone is birmingham england?
what does andy warhol do?
where is colombia the country?
who does jodelle ferland play in eclipse?
where can i register to vote in urbana il?
where was karl marx buried?
what countries did mother teresa work in?
what timezone is nevada in right now?
what team did deion sanders play for in baseball?
what did dr carter g woodson do?
who invented the ford motor company?
what is ayrton senna?
where was stephen g. breyer born?
what films have taylor lautner starred in?
what did charles dickens believe in?
who played elaine on doc martin?
what religion is sammy davis jr?
what airport does southwest fly to in denver?
who started google?
in what timezone is arizona?
where kurdish people from?
where did harrison ford get his start?
what year did arizona diamondbacks win the world series?
where was jesus born and raised?
what currency do i take to turkey?
who portrayed indiana jones in raiders of the lost ark?
what money is used in ukraine?
where is greyton western cape?
what is the buddhist holy book?
who is jason morgan married to in real life?
what is colorado's state flower?
who have the lakers signed?
who was phil harris married to?
which jane austen books are movies?
where did antoine laurent lavoisier die?
where is lanzarote in a world map?
what year did lakers win their first championship?
what does mariah carey call her fans?
what happened to harvey smith?
who plays dante falconeri?
what sports are played in canada?
who is the president of israel 2012?
who does northern ireland belong to?
who does allen iverson play for now 2010?
what party was lincoln affiliated with?
where do islamic people go to worship?
where did kirk herbstreit?
where did american troops fight in ww1?
what god does taoism believe in?
what college did kris humphries play for?
what gunfight is wyatt earp most famous for?
what does the maine state flag look like?
what do mali people speak?
who is john garcia?
what type of government does japan currently have?
what do israeli people speak?
what year did george washington become the president?
what did lbj die of?
what is the main language spoken in italy?
who was the first wife of prophet muhammad?
what does george soros believe?
on which river is paris?
who was sam houston answers?
who is sherri shepherd's new husband?
who did kevin garnett play for before celtics?
who the voice of peter griffin?
what is the name of dawn french's first novel?
who is the governor of california 2010?
which paris airport is closest to the city center?
where is st louis cardinals stadium?
where are dell products manufactured?
where does manny pacquiao live?
when were the duggar kids born?
where did pharaoh hatshepsut live?
what four countries are in the united kingdom?
what record label is rihanna signed to 2012?
who does sam bradford play for?
where did the seminole native americans live?
what county is plymouth ia in?
what airlines fly into ontario international airport?
what school did kurt vonnegut go to?
what kind of biome is the everglades?
where did henry hudson come from?
which continent is costa rica located?
what movies has halle berry starred in?
what was the capital of ancient israel?
where is tomb of allama iqbal?
who does the united states export the most to?
where is sony ericsson based?
what school did michael jordan go to?
what do you speak in singapore?
where is reggie bush from?
what has sara paxton been in?
what primary school did sir isaac newton go to?
what's the egyptian currency?
which roman god goddess are you?
what countries does canada export wheat to?
what kind of economy does china has?
what is mexico city time zone?
who won the fa cup in 2008?
who plays jacob black in the twilight movies?
who is the head coach of the indianapolis colts?
who is rob kardashian dating now 2012?
what is the syracuse university mascot?
where does honda play soccer?
what time zone is ontario toronto?
where is augusta golf masters?
what government did japan have?
where does the shannon river end?
what all does stan kroenke own?
what countries does china border?
what university did donald trump graduate from?
what drug did mitch hedberg overdose on?
what were erik erikson's theories?
what the australian liberal party stands for?
what is british columbia?
what language do you speak in austria?
what does the philippines flag represent?
who was rosemary clooney married to?
where did roger moore live?
who's the oakland raiders head coach?
where is portuguese language spoken?
who is married to garth brooks?
what political party was hitler the leader of?
who did plaxico burress sign with 2012?
who does zach galifianakis play in the hangover?
who plays lois in family guy?
what state did dwight d. eisenhower live in?
what are 2 inventions benjamin franklin is credited with creating?
where did carmen electra grow up?
what is vanderbilt university mascot?
what famous book did benjamin franklin wrote?
what band does adam levine sing for?
where did brian williams go to college?
where did robert hooke get his education?
what country did truman lead?
what is language in argentina?
which island in greece?
who has won the most fa cup?
what time is kansas in?
what time is in san diego california?
what landforms are found in italy?
when did hurricane irene hit ct?
who did michael jackson play in the wiz?
what is osama bin laden race?
what was gregor mendel known for?
what drugs does charlie sheen do?
what is the capital city of assyrian empire?
which countries speak english?
what disease michael jackson?
where did jerry spinelli go to college?
what is the zip code for cordova tn?
what is julia gillard party?
what is the origin of the turkish language?
when did tom brady join the patriots?
what is isaac newton famous for?
who won the state of texas in 2008?
what is considered eastern canada?
where did barack obama went to school?
what battles did robert e lee participate in?
who was the prime minister of canada in 1998?
what did ron howard direct?
what kind of alcohol is bacardi silver?
who are shakespeare's siblings?
what team did albert pujols play for?
what inspired monet?
where do ba fly to from london city airport?
where does kaka live?
what is the predominant language in south africa?
what are fun things to do in seattle wa?
where does the oklahoma city thunder practice?
what is the language called in turkey?
who was theodore roosevelt's vice president?
what college did charles richard drew go to?
where does the roman language come from?
what nationality is jermaine paul?
where did the oakland raiders move from?
who played nba last night?
who were mary shelley's parents?
who played hannah montana best friend?
what do do in new york?
what are some of the religions in australia?
what is the capital city of south carolina?
what language do they speak in indonesia?
what type of political system is headed by queen elizabeth ii?
what is the actual current local time now in uk?
what are some of the awards taylor swift has won?
what city did obama grow up in?
where did chris cuomo go?
where did gary coleman live when he died?
what is there to do in palm springs?
where is auburn university at?
where was ronald reagan born and raised?
what county is morristown tn in?
where do the houston rockets play basketball?
who was the president of the united states during ww2?
who did elvis presley really love?
which states does the connecticut river flow through?
what are the biggest cities in illinois?
which english team won the champions league first?
which province in canada is the most populated?
what continent do the falkland islands belong to?
what language do russian people speak?
which states touch canadian soil?
what did alvin smith died from?
what are the four harry potter house names?
who has tim howard played for?
when is the gold cup cheltenham?
where does portuguese originate?
what currency in dominican republic should i bring?
who did howie long married?
what region of the world is north america in?
who is the current governor of georgia 2011?
where do navajo indians live?
what to do in panama city beach for spring break?
what instrument does ringo starr play?
who are china's trading partners?
what character did stan lee create?
what disease did anne frank get?
where did rich rodriguez get fired?
who did mario lopez just marry?
what happened to president james garfield?
what time zone am i in missouri?
who is paul mccartney's current wife?
what channel is anderson cooper talk show on?
what drugs were in whitney houston when she died?
who did warren moon play for?
what brand of guitar does steve vai play?
what do hungarian people speak?
what prep school did romney attend?
in what town did ned kelly and his family grow up?
what is bethenny frankel husband name?
what city in australia should i live in quiz?
who is the present president of china?
who speaks stewie on family guy?
who influenced arthur conan doyle?
when was samuel pepys?
what are the new york giants home colors?
who played bob ewell in to kill a mockingbird?
what type of money does jamaica use?
what instrument does fela kuti play?
who is kurt busch driving for now?
who was charlemagne's wife?
where did woodrow wilson go to school?
who is lamar odom married too?
where can you buy amazon kindle?
who is angelina jolie's husband?
what kind of money do they use in aruba?
what sports do people in france play?
what wars did robert e lee lead?
what language do native american indians speak?
where did tennessee williams live?
what was king louis xiv religion?
what language do they in belgium?
who plays walter in fringe?
where is port st lucie florida on the map?
what countries are the mediterranean?
what city has the largest population in mexico?
who juan ponce de leon?
in what years did the new york yankees win the world series?
what state is toronto in?
where to watch tv online for free in canada?
where did the loma prieta earthquake occur?
what is the state motto of massachusetts?
what is time zone in new orleans?
what type of poetry does john donne write?
where did helen keller die?
who is the current president of chile 2011?
what would happen if the new madrid fault had an earthquake?
where did the hopi indians live?
what did jeff corwin major in?
where did johann sebastian bach live?
who did bynum get traded to?
what timezone is malaysia?
where is alex smith from?
where was alice walker born?
what do they speak iceland?
who taught michelangelo to sculpt?
what wars have france been involved in?
who plays moira on the l word?
when did joe mcelderry won x factor?
what is the major language of jamaica?
who was the members of blackstreet?
who did tebow get traded to?
where did romans go?
what does a american rottweiler look like?
who created the character of sherlock holmes?
what does scottish people speak?
who all has kim kardashian dated?
who are the main trading partners of china?
what instruments did vivaldi wrote concertos for?
what book did john steinbeck wrote about the people in the dust bowl?
what land did god promise joshua?
who is the voice of family guys meg griffin?
what to do in new orleans with kids?
what countries did queen elizabeth i rule?
what channel is the mtv vma awards on?
what kind of currency does jamaica use?
what type of government does the nigeria have?
where is usc from?
what country was william shakespeare born?
where do they grow rice in italy?
where great britain on the world map?
what to see in dallas tx?
what is my timezone in california?
what is president abraham lincoln known for?
who did cristina yang's husband cheated on her with?
who does jemaine clement play in despicable me?
what year did the vietnam war happen?
where do the broncos play?
who inspired antonio vivaldi?
what type of currency is used in puerto rico?
what is jackie kennedy famous for?
what currency is used in france before euro?
who started up mcdonalds?
what major landforms are located in egypt?
who played nba finals 2010?
what does the devil look like in young goodman brown?
what state was ronald reagan governor of?
what is the most practiced religion in the united states?
where was my honda motorcycle made?
what did isaac newton discovered as a mathematician?
what is st james palace?
what airport to fly into to get to clearwater florida?
who has britney spears married?
what currency is used in hungary?
what currency do they use in qatar?
what are fun things to do in denver colorado?
what did thoreau die from?
how much does the average american pay in taxes over their lifetime?
what do the symbols in the illinois flag represent?
what years did the red sox win the world series?
what war was woodrow wilson president for?
who is carl edwards racing for?
what to do in panama city beach in february?
where are the florida marlins from?
what is the main religion in eastern europe?
what language does romanian people speak?
what date was john adams elected president?
who nominated stephen g. breyer?
what contribution did maurice wilkins make to dna?
what did george w bush do before becoming president?
which party was lincoln?
who are the two current illinois senators?
what did robin gibb died from?
what college did joe montana play for?
what were adolf hitler's parents names?
what did jordyn wieber win gold for?
what job does bill rancic have?
what did robert hooke discover?
what does michael jackson like to eat?
who owns the new england patriots football team?
where do the japanese live?
what is the dollar called in brazil?
what airport fly into for maui?
what has lucy hale played in?
who won 2011 heisman trophy?
who is the falcons kicker?
where did charles drew go to high school?
what language do argentina use?
who won governor race in indiana?
what languages do people speak in egypt?
what college did florence griffith joyner attend?
what style of art did henri matisse use?
what did george washington carver make with peanuts?
who plays alan parrish in jumanji?
who was reese witherspoon married too?
what is the isthmus of panama?
who is the coach of the la lakers?
what is the dominican republic's capital?
what is illinois state flower called?
what books did mark twain read?
who plays miley cyrus brother?
what language do they speak thailand?
what are the major religions in poland?
what is the san francisco giants mascot?
where was tupac born?
where is the main headquarters of the un?
what utc time zone is arizona?
who played as barney?
who played elaine's boyfriend on seinfeld?
who did juan ponce de leon married?
what language do they speak in spain wikipedia?
where to watch live opening ceremony in london?
what times is it in texas?
where did the arizona diamondbacks play?
what did fred davis do?
what country was theodor schwann born in?
where is the fukushima daiichi located?
what country was bin laden from?
who plays claudia joy on army wives?
where did darfur happen?
what language does greece use?
what kind of money does argentina use?
who was the prime minister of australia in 1958?
what hemisphere south america?
what movies has taylor momsen been in?
what show was kim richards in as a child?
what was henry ford best known for?
what kind of music did michael jackson sing?
what education does jeff corwin have?
what movies has chris colfer been in?
where the queen of denmark lives?
what did roald dahl write?
who was the real erin brockovich?
where are riddell helmets manufactured?
what county is troy il in?
what position does mitt romney hold?
who is country singer jewel married to?
what movies does tupac act in?
what famous book did adam smith wrote?
where does the appalachian trail run through?
where is burundi located on a map?
what year did mcfly go to the future?
what unicef stands for?
what clubs has messi played for?
where is merrell shoes headquarters?
who does the uk trade with?
what color are the baltimore ravens?
what country volvo cars made?
who plays karen jackson on shameless?
what is tim tebow's religion?
what country is singapore next to?
what year did detroit pistons win the championship?
what does anderson cooper do?
what movies did matt bomer play in?
who is ellen bernstein?
when are the australian open men's finals?
when was reagan inaugurated?
where did dmitri mendeleev teach?
what kind of education did barack obama have?
what was the last time the pittsburgh pirates had a winning season?
what did james k polk believe in?
what currency does south africa have?
where did jerome david salinger died?
what religions are recognized in canada?
what airport is closest to cancun?
where is somalia located?
who played lex luthor in the original superman?
who is the head coach of the chicago blackhawks?
where was john f kennedy raised?
what does kat dennings star in?
what did henry kissinger do?
where does volga river start?
what are the major sports played in venezuela?
what did roger sherman do for a living?
who does ryan newman race for?
what was the political system in libya?
who plays the voice of lois griffin on family guy?
who did alicia keys have a baby with?
what the currency in argentina?
where does eddie bravo teach?
when did michael schumacher win his first title?
where does sally pearson live?
what college chris paul go to?
where is madeira?
what country is joseph prince from?
when did democritus discovered the atom?
what do they speak in austria?
what are major religions in the united states?
what things did thomas edison invent?
where is the sistine chapel by michelangelo?
who has played edward quartermaine on general hospital?
what is the zip code for iselin nj?
what kind of language does switzerland speak?
where is christina aguilera from?
what are fun things to do in philadelphia?
who does david carr play for?
where did jackie robinson go to school?
where is jack daniel buried?
what strings does john mayer?
who plays stacey in zoey 101?
when did sanchez leave usc?
who is steven seagal sister?
where was f scott fitzgerald education?
on what continent is canada found?
what is the primary language of israel?
who is married to jane krakowski?
what role did tom cruise play in endless love?
where to go in phnom penh cambodia?
what city was ronald reagan born in?
what countries in the world speak arabic?
what 4 states border the pacific ocean?
what to do in nadi fiji?
who is francis bacon and what did he do?
what is the dominant language of jamaica?
when does medicare part d start?
what is the postcode for seoul south korea?
what type of government does the bahamas have?
what university did tony romo go to?
where is bosnia?
what countries speak german as a first language?
where is amazon based out of?
what team did mike piazza retire with?
what is state animal of illinois?
where did robert boyle study?
what is there to see near the grand canyon?
where does the fda get its authority?
where does hector camacho live?
who was vladimir lenin and why was he important?
what language do cyprus speak?
where does fabio aurelio play?
what war did george washington help win?
where does danny ainge live?
what college did steve jobs attend?
where was anne frank born?
who plays young joe dirt?
what company did verizon used to be?
who was king tut's wife?
what team did magic johnson play for?
what are the kennedys?
where kurdish people come from?
where is sarajevo located?
what is the official language in china?
who does the voice of kitt in knight rider?
what teams are left in the nfl?
what art movement was pablo picasso part of?
what type of business is mitt romney in?
what language do they speak in egyptian?
what are historical places in new york?
in what year did columbus sail to the new world?
what countries are included in the continent of asia?
who owns wikimedia foundation?
what war was george washington president during?
when did miami dolphins win super bowl?
what timezone is minnesota in?
which airport do ba fly to in oslo?
what is there for kids to do in miami?
what country columbus was born?
where did lauren conrad live?
what bella name her baby?
what is the houston rockets mascot?
what is there fun to do in san diego?
what movies johnny depp is in?
where did matthias schleiden do his work?
what countries did andy warhol work?
what songs does katherine jenkins sing?
what is ryan seacrest famous for?
what is the current leader of japan?
how much indiana jones movies are there?
what does george soros own?
what kind of money should i bring to dominican?
who is the president of ecuador in 2012?
what city became the capital of the assyrian empire?
what time zone is maryville tn?
where does frida kahlo live now?
who started the federal reserve board?
where did marco rubio go to college?
where in tennessee are the smoky mountains?
what kind of fish do you catch in florida?
where was emperor tiberius born?
who did ronald reagan get shot by?
what county is novato in?
who did president kennedy marry?
where to live near seattle wa?
what movies did zoe saldana play in?
where to go in mexico for vacation?
who does nikki reed play in the movie twilight?
what does matt dallas do now?
where was abraham buried?
where did frank bruno live?
what type of cancer did donna summer died from?
where's the hudson river?
how long is queen victoria's reign?
what did jerry sandusky do to the children?
where does the jordan river end?
what is the state flower of pennsylvania?
what school did michael jackson attend?
what does kenya moore do for a living?
what country is barack obama from?
who was wale signed to?
who did tyson chandler play for?
what character did liv tyler play in lord of the rings?
who played princess leia in star wars movies?
when did romney first run for president?
what did barack obama do before he took office?
where was saint joseph from?
where does kenya moore get her money?
what round did manny pacquiao win in?
what job did george w bush have?
what are countries in south asia?
where is the caribbean geographically located?
what songs does tom delonge sing?
where did monta ellis go to college?
what was howard carter's job?
who was papa doc in real life?
what was the cause of death of michael jackson?
who played laura ingalls mother?
what is the capital city of texas usa?
who won governor in connecticut 2010?
what is the main language spoken in switzerland?
what timezone is indianapolis in now?
where do cruises leave from in rome?
what time zone is new england usa in?
where was the vietnam war located?
what is tulane university's mascot?
where is aviano air force base located?
who is the owner of the philadelphia eagles?
where did giovanni da verrazano live?
what was antonio vivaldi known for?
what movies does johnny depp play in?
who has won the last 10 nba championships?
who is the coach of the pittsburgh steelers 2005?
when are the summer olympics held?
where did george harrison live before he died?
where do most earthquakes happen in japan?
when did mcgee start on ncis?
what atom did j.j thomson discover?
what country did the zulu live in?
where was president chester arthur born?
where to fly in for galapagos islands?
who has tom brady played for?
who are betty white's husbands?
what are the major languages spoken in italy?
what time is it in lake havasu city arizona?
what years have the giants won the world series?
where did nick clegg go to prep school?
where did laura bush grow up?
what currency should i take to mauritius?
which states share borders with virginia?
what is a judge in the supreme court called?
what did johannes kepler accomplish?
what college did edgar allan poe go to?
who is ellen albertini dow?
what time zone is london in right now?
what kind of language do china speak?
where is the singapore zoo?
what town was abe lincoln born in?
what do ethiopia import and export?
who did the voice of kitt in knight rider?
what challenges did helen keller have to face?
who is andy williams brother?
who was the 2nd prime minister of pakistan?
where does morrissey live 2010?
what teams did jim harbaugh play for?
who played atticus finch in the movie?
where did toussaint louverture live?
what other countries share a border with china?
who has the voice of stewie griffin?
what year did johnny cash die and how old was he?
what party did john tyler belong to?
who is the senator of the state of texas?
where to stay in thailand koh samui?
who is jensen ackles in a relationship with?
who is the voice actor for eric cartman?
what language do irish people speak?
what is the currency used in brazil?
what was marie curie best known for?
what money is used in mozambique?
what illness does michael j fox have?
who is the governor of indiana 2012?
who was kim kardashian's first husband?
who did jerry rice retire with?
what are the official languages of the dominican republic?
what movie queen latifah play in?
what did anton van leeuwenhoek discover?
where was ted kennedy buried?
where do most immigrants in the united states come from today?
what state toronto located?
where did dr martin luther king get his doctorate?
who is the governor of wyoming currently?
who was the president of indian national congress?
where do most of the people in egypt live?
where was benjamin franklin raised?
what language does egyptians use?
where do people speak burmese?
what money do they have in italy?
what is phoebe halliwell's real name?
what is the name of the capital of spain?
what is afghanistan money called?
what did people in the bible say about jesus?
what lead to the fall of the ottoman empire?
where are facebook headquarters located?
what was the roman political system?
what is atlanta ga famous for?
what government type is north korea?
where is the pepsi center?
who plays hermione granger?
what inspired m.c. escher to become an artist?
where is the best place to stay in aruba?
when did abraham lincoln free the slaves?
what county is denver colorado in?
what year did giants win world series?
what kind of government iran have?
who is the seattle seahawks starting quarterback?
where does the band metallica live?
when did melbourne get its name?
who is shania twain's husband?
who plays jason gideon?
what province is toronto canada located in?
where did president eisenhower go to college?
what are the gods of islam?
what was vasco nunez de balboa original purpose of his journey?
what team did kaka play for in 2009?
what political system is in china?
who played george jefferson on all in the family?
what guitar did clapton play?
who did joseph from the bible marry?
what did sir john frederick william herschel do?
what is a famous person from massachusetts?
what college did joakim noah attend?
what channel does anderson cooper come on?
what money do they use in china?
where did wassily kandinsky work?
where does jeb bush live?
when did the arab israeli war start?
who influenced michael jackson?
what all countries are in south america?
who was the leader of the ussr in 1948?
what country does japan export to?
what ship did sir francis drake travel on?
what did kellie martin play on?
what does united church of christ believe?
where is walton goggins from?
which province is calgary canada in?
what university did barack obama attend?
when did venus williams win wimbledon?
who is neil patrick harris dating?
where is the capital city of assyrians?
who is aidan quinn?
what type of political system is iran?
what do people from guam speak?
what to do if you have one day in bangkok?
where was ben franklin born?
what timezone is virginia in?
what is the dominican republic part of?
where did jerry spinelli live as a kid?
what do costa ricans speak?
what year did arizona cardinals go to superbowl?
where does spencer pratt go to school?
what did charles babbage make?
who played lt uhura?
what is new york giants?
what time is the melbourne cup?
what colleges did alice walker attend?
what schools did barack obama attend?
where is the french alps located?
what year was peyton manning's rookie year?
who was peter frampton married to?
what is the hawaii time zone?
who has coached the baltimore ravens?
what teams did manny ramirez play for?
what type of government does iraq have 2012?
what other jobs did benjamin franklin have?
who was gregor mendel and what did he contribute to science?
who plays harold saxon in doctor who?
what year was the first miss america pageant?
what kind of guitar does lindsey buckingham play?
what college did joe namath attend?
where to stay near asheville?
what city uses gmt?
where does the zambezi river begin?
what county is duluth minnesota in?
what zip code is chicago il?
what is the political system in argentina?
what did andrew johnson die from?
who is the governor of oregon 2012?
what city is mt st helens in?
what is janelle monae famous for?
what continent is mexico located on?
who created the ancient language in alagaesia?
what four regions make up the united kingdom?
what does time warner own?
where did the roma people come from?
what language do most native americans speak?
what kind of political system does iran have?
where was anne hathaway born?
who did bryce dallas howard play in eclipse?
who owns audi 2011?
where did andrew young go to school?
who started twa airlines?
what are the two dialects of chinese?
who was michael jackson in the wiz?
where is washington dc located what state?
what county is duluth in?
what state in chicago in?
what is the major language spoken in greece?
who wrote luke bryan's drunk on you?
what time is it in japan 24 hour clock?
what part of the atom did chadwick discover?
what state is barack obama senator for?
what kinda music does john mayer sing?
what will happen to greece when it defaults?
what boudicca do?
what oprah thinks about god?
what language do brazil speak?
where did sir john a macdonald die?
what kind of money in aruba?
what is the date today in perth?
where did martin luther king jr get shot?
what country does spanish come from?
what is south korea's capital city?
who was darth vader in episode 3?
when does ellen air?
what is the currency in the republic of congo?
what does obama have a degree in?
who is the political leader of japan?
what country did giovanni da verrazano represent?
when was saint nicholas died?
what countries does germany share borders with?
what city is the jacksonville jaguars from?
when is the last time the raiders won a championship?
where is the time zone in florida?
who created youtube and when?
what county is clearwater fl in?
what type of political system is spain?
what happened to farrah and her baby daddy?
what are the names of snoopy brothers and sisters?
what is the laguna beach theme song?
what was the cause of death for edgar allan poe?
what is thomas edison's most famous for?
what does jennifer lopez do?
what country was dmitri mendeleev born?
where did pres obama go to high school?
what is the capital city of west germany?
what money system does australia use?
when did herman cain run for president?
who is caroline spencer jr s father?
when is the us open tennis mens final 2011?
where does president barack obama live?
where does nick diaz fight?
where did st louis tornado hit?
what did whitney houston die of?
what movies has selena gomez starred in?
what highschool did khloe kardashian go to?
who is the 2011 heisman trophy winner?
what to do in midland tx this weekend?
who played freddy in friday the 13th?
what contribution did hooke made to science in 1665?
what countries make up great britain and what are their capitals?
what did eli whitney invented?
what movies has angelina jolie in?
what radio station does uga football come on?
who owns the chrysler corporation?
where was george washington originally from?
what country christopher columbus from?
who was michael j fox?
what movies did jenna dewan play in?
what is the bosnian language?
what is father name of salman khan?
where is shawn johnson gymnast from?
what kind of money does the ivory coast use?
what writers influenced charles dickens?
where is roger federer from sui?
what money should i bring to dominican?
what is michael buble's style of music?
where did the florida marlins?
what movies did taylor lautner star in?
what did nixon do when he was president?
what do egyptians speak?
what language did the egyptians?
who plays sarah marshall?
what did skinner believe?
when did babe ruth start playing baseball in the mlb?
what type of monarchy did england have during the glorious revolution?
who plays marlo on the wire?
what is the zip code for inglewood california?
who was the first actor to play edward quartermaine?
where did the founder of google go to college?
what currency is used in germany 2012?
what made roald dahl famous?
what school did martin luther king jr attend?
who did lenny kravitz marry?
what is the second official language of canada?
who coached the dallas cowboys in 1996?
what country did ponce de leon live in?
what is the language called in russia?
what does the name austin stand for?
who does hank baskett play for now nov 2010?
who was the president of the us in 1971?
what team did ronaldo play for?
what to do today in birmingham uk?
who was timothy mcveigh accomplice?
how old is the current president of north korea?
what show does tamera mowry play on?
what language do the people speak in australia?
what college is in greeley colorado?
what countries does the niger river flow through?
what is the official state flower of arizona?
what religion are most people in pakistan?
where is pyramids located in egypt?
what games did bungie make?
who does cristiano ronaldo play for 2012?
what type of laws did mary harris jones demand?
what team did kobe bryant play for first?
what kind of government does vietnam have?
what language do the speak in switzerland?
where to stay in rome neighborhood?
what style of art did van gogh produce?
what is american pie about song?
what are portuguese people considered?
what movies did angelina jolie star in?
where was ancient carthage located?
what type of paintings did marc chagall do?
what did heisenberg say about electrons?
what movies did howard shore wrote the music for?
what does chilean people speak?
what were frederick douglass achievements?
who plays kenneth on 30 rock?
when do they have the olympics?
what is zip code for davenport iowa?
where is riley's farm located?
who is the current coach of the new york knicks?
what was the name of william shakespeare's children?
what organization did dr. carter g. woodson found?
who owns the steelers football team?
what currency does jamaica accept?
who played howard stern in private parts?
when countries joined the european union?
what inventions did leonardo da vinci made?
which team does ronaldinho play for?
where is eric cantor from?
what is the currency of sweden called?
what school did cam newton go to before auburn?
where did tim mcgraw grew up?
when did ny giants win the superbowl?
when did kerry run for president?
what's sweden's currency?
what currency does greece use?
who does sonny bill williams play for 2012?
who are senators from utah?
what is the zip code for georgetown ga?
who did michael vick play for in 2008?
when was the last shark attack in maui?
what type of government did egypt have?
where is rihanna from ethnically?
where was the assyrian civilization located?
what did baron de montesquieu die from?
who are the current senators from illinois?
what do do in nashville tn?
what inventions did robert hooke made?
who plays patrick jane wife?
what team does derrick rose play for?
what countries do new zealand export to?
what type of government does the former soviet union have?
what illness did huell howser died of?
what car models does gm make?
which legend of zelda game is the first?
what nationality is zack de la rocha?
what did mozart die from?
what years have the steelers won the super bowl?
what did doc holliday die from?
what countries does britain own?
what government does france have?
who played dorothy in the film wizard of oz?
who was the owner of kfc?
where did robin gibb die?
what countries are on the mediterranean sea?
what languages do they speak in russia?
who plays jim halpert?
when were the phillies founded?
who is john cabot's parents?
what is the capital city of montana usa?
who succeeded william mckinley as president?
where does jamie chung live?
what george washington carver famous for?
what is the zip code for wildwood?
what money currency does canada use?
where did bronx tale take place?
who voices ray in archer?
what kind of money do they use in russia?
what does uvm stand for college?
who plays edward elric?
what was samuel de champlain searching for?
who plays lola bunny on the looney tunes show?
what to do in chicago this weekend with kids?
what kind of money does germany?
who did walter raleigh sail for?
what cities are included in maricopa county?
where did frank baum live?
what time is the grand prix starting?
what are the places to see in dubai?
where is johnny depp from?
what characters does todd haberkorn voice?
where the latin language come from?
what language do pakistani people talk?
what does china border?
when does the russian league start?
what was alice walker famous for?
where did michael jackson went to school?
where do haitian people come from?
where is the time zone in kentucky?
what albums did john frusciante play on?
what influenced whitman's poetry?
what did martin luther king jr do in his life?
what kind of legal system does australia have?
where did jimmy hoffa live?
what role did frederick douglass play in the abolition movement?
where people speak welsh?
what children's books did suzanne collins wrote?
what state obama was born?
what is the zip code for morgantown in?
who is democritus and what did he discover?
who plays bella on twilight?
where did gettysburg start?
who does cristiano ronaldo play for in 2010?
where did elvis presley live before he died?
what is the currency of germany in 2010?
what to do in daytona?
who does paul walker play in fast and furious?
who was the vice president during george w bush?
where did kevin hart go to school?
where gm cars are built?
what kind of money do japanese use?
where does the name melbourne come from?
what currency do the ukraine use?
what kind of money does chile use?
what currency do italy have?
what are spanish speaking countries and their capitals?
what language does people from denmark speak?
what did susan atkins die of?
what type of currency does brazil use?
who plays tommy oliver in power rangers?
what year did dwight howard won the slam dunk contest?
what country did marco polo come from?
what were hitler's parents names?
when was the first pope of the catholic church?
what did amerigo vespucci explore?
what currency do i bring to cuba?
where did patrick henry live?
what kind of government does mongolia?
what are some native american holidays?
where did jesse james die?
where is spain located what continent?
what form of government is the philippines?
who plays stewie griffin on family guy?
what are the two major religions in canada?
what kind of government do the canadians have?
what happened to sir thomas cromwell?
what food is from china?
who plays stewie griffin's voice?
who did butler beat last night?
what are the mountains in peru called?
which kardashians are having babies?
what is south america made up of?
what team does plaxico burress play for?
where english is spoken in the world?
where is victoria beckham from?
what office does paul ryan hold?
what type of government does fiji have 2010?
what country is the iberian peninsula located in?
who is daniel in the bible?
who played marty mcfly's dad?
what is george washington's legacy?
where to stay in bermuda tripadvisor?
which airport is closest to barcelona port?
who is jojo simmons mother?
where do cherry trees grow in the united states?
who plays john connor in terminator salvation?
what year doug williams won the super bowl?
what country was osama bin laden killed in?
where did james cook go on his voyages?
who won the governor election in michigan?
where did heidi klum and seal get married?
what kind of experiments did humphrey davy do?
who created the chinese communist party?
what timezone is new england usa in?
what happened to rev. robert schuller?
who plays the voice of meg in family guy?
what can you visit in london?
what form of government does north korea?
where is located cornell university?
who speaks arabic language?
who played the parents in ferris bueller day off?
what dialects are spoken in the uk?
what should i visit in venice?
where james madison was born?
when was the last time iran invaded another country?
what did the ottoman empire look like?
what team does kareem abdul jabbar play for?
who is jeff probst ex wife?
where is tsonga born?
what island is bethany hamilton from?
what is paige halliwell's powers?
what did jean jacques rousseau write?
what city is the state capital of washington?
what does shawn johnson do?
what was the reagan administration known for?
where did nadia boulanger live?
what year did michael jordan get drafted?
what airport do you fly into maui?
who does mark sanchez play for?
what sea does the yangtze river empty into?
what are the main imports and exports of afghanistan?
what movies have gerard butler been in?
what country is beside france?
what type of government germany have?
what is there to do in montpelier vt?
who is the leader of japan right now?
when did michael jordan started playing basketball in the nba?
what movies were michael clarke duncan?
in which city was president kennedy killed?
where is martin cooper from?
what is charlie sheen's dad's name?
how much mlb teams are there?
what office does boehner hold?
where do the baltimore ravens play?
what sport do the harlem globetrotters play?
who was betty white married too?
where is poe buried now?
where is danish located?
what is the best neighborhood to live in dallas?
who plays mary jane in spiderman 2?
what languages do scottish people speak?
what type of money does brazil have?
who started mary kay?
what types of government does france have?
where is mount st helens?
who are the players on the toronto maple leafs?
what present day countries use english as their national language?
in which continent is russia?
what to do in ottawa ontario today?
where did paul ryan live?
who is galileo galilei and what is he famous for?
what is the australian open called?
what is the money currency in guatemala?
where is angola located?
what is tibetan language?
what is the national flag of russia?
when did maria sharapova start playing tennis?
what sort of government does canada have?
what country does mexico trade with?
what form of government does australia?
what are the official languages of jamaica?
where did harriet tubman live after the civil war?
who was the voice of simba?
which country did james cook sailed for?
what is the capital of oregon?
what do spain call their money?
what happened after the invasion of normandy?
who did james franco play on general hospital?
which party did lincoln belong to?
who plays saruman in lord of the rings?
where is the best place to visit in the bahamas?
what is the currency of mexico called?
what teams did shaq play 4?
what currency does turkey accept?
who was vice president under lincoln?
what state is the george washington university in?
where did andreas vesalius die?
where did paul ryan attend college?
who is ronaldo playing for now?
what color are the arizona cardinals uniforms?
when was george h.w. bush elected president?
where was emperor qin shi huang born?
where was the first ford motor company located?
where the seneca indians lived?
which country does irish language come from?
what did the harlem renaissance created?
what movies gerard butler in?
where did mendeleev died?
where is glastonbury uk?
what language did ancient romans write in?
what team does diego forlan currently play for?
what other movies is liam hemsworth in?
what to do downtown san francisco?
what kind of cancer did bob marley died from?
what religion did jesus christ follow?
who was luke skywalker played by?
who was the secretary of state when richard nixon was president?
who does the voice of kovu in lion king?
where did theodore roosevelt live before he became president?
what year was tom brady drafted?
what party is bloomberg affiliated with?
where does t boone pickens live?
when did the mets win the pennant?
where was saint paul from?
what is the capital city of germany now?
what countries does japan export to?
where is arabic the official language?
what continent is syria located in?
what events does stephanie rice compete in?
what happened to nelson mandela after he was released from jail?
where did charlton heston live?
where did hurricane irene?
what region is thailand located in?
who was president when the us navy department was established?
where to visit in orlando florida?
who are all the american idol winners and runner ups?
what sports do they have in china?
what was alexander graham bell known for?
what band did joe satriani play in?
what did mitch hedberg od on?
who did u.s. fight against in ww1?
what season did jason priestley leave 90210?
who wrote 2 timothy 4?
which three countries share a land border with cambodia?
what country was juan ponce de leon from?
where to go in florida for vacation?
what does the soviet star represent?
what college did steve nash play basketball for?
who plays shao kahn?
what did douglas engelbart invent?
where did chef chuck hughes go to school?
who plays marvin eriksen?
what did james madison wrote?
where is fiat abarth made?
where was tommy steele born?
what does chad michael murray play in?
what team does derek fisher play for 2012?
what are some important events in ancient egypt?
who was sworn into office when john f kennedy was assassinated?
what date did the earthquake in christchurch happen?
when did mcgee join the ncis team?
where are you if you're in khartoum?
where did fred west work?
where is university of auburn?
what countries are around egypt?
what did julia roberts won an oscar for?
what year did mitt romney first run for president?
who is engaged to john legend?
what nestle owns?
who won governor of indiana 2012?
where did the allied invasion of france take place?
where does the st. joe river start?
where did alex smith play high school football?
where is pyramids of giza located?
when does nasdaq start trading?
who plays kermit in the muppets movie?
what kind of government does iran have today?
what is african american literature?
what are the primary languages of france?
what language do they speak in guyana south america?
what year were the new york yankees established?
what games do japanese people play?
what city was nelson mandela born in?
what time does independence center open on sundays?
where did the navajo tribe live?
what did frankie lymon die from?
what to see near austin?
where did trey songz go to high school?
what was matthias schleiden known for?
what country was jesus born?
when was louisiana entered into the union?
who is kristen stewart parents?
when did mary shelley write frankenstein what were the circumstances?
what was vietnam war fought for?
what is kate spade?
what age can a woman retire in australia?
what team does lamar odom play for 2013?
who founded the american federation of labor afl in 1886?
where is louisville ne?
where does missouri river end?
what team is hank baskett playing for in 2010?
where is italian spoken around the world?
what is currency in panama?
what undergraduate school did martin luther king jr. attend?
what 5 countries border romania?
when was the last time the kansas city chiefs won a superbowl?
where did will smith go to high school?
where is united arab located?
where is kate middleton spending christmas?
what other movies has liam hemsworth?
what is duncan bannatyne?
what was caesar augustus known for?
when did bradley cooper's dad die?
which countries border the baltic sea?
what to do in perth scotland?
who is keyshia cole married too?
who does christine gregoire represent?
what were some inventions of leonardo da vinci?
what college did tosh . o go to?
who plays sam in anger management?
what type of strings does willie nelson use?
who did heidi klum date before seal?
what type of voting system does australia have?
where did president andrew jackson grew up?
what did ivan pavlov invented?
what countries and seas border ukraine?
where the murray river located?
where was joe biden a senator?
what is the money currency in italy?
where was adolf hitler died?
what percent of mississippi is black?
what year did reggie bush get drafted?
what was sherlock holmes famous for?
who is number 5 on the boston celtics?
what does sirius black wand look like?
who is roger bacon inventor of?
where are the libyan refugees going?
what city was woodstock held in?
who do pagans believe is god?
what was one thing benjamin franklin is famous for?
what did john williams play?
where does the uk import from?
who started southwest airlines?
who is the current president of colombia 2011?
what was the name of the book that charles darwin wrote?
who might arthur miller think would?
who is abraham descended from?
what did atticus finch do?
what type of cancer did patrick swayze die from?
what was james madison's job?
what language does people in france speak?
where is the spratly islands located?
where did hammurabi come from?
who does queen elizabeth hair?
what teams did robert horry won rings with?
what timezone is colorado in?
what did charles dickens writer?
where is st helens park nsw?
who killed david ruffin?
where did james franco study acting?
what is d capital city of south africa?
into what language family does english fall?
who does new zealand import from?
who is mexico's president right now 2011?
what are the different dialects of chinese?
what city was kennedy shot?
who owns the sf giants owner?
what is the name of the alabama state tree?
what is the capital of kentucky known for its bluegrass?
what money do you use in aruba?
where did apostle paul grow up?
what was karl marx beliefs?
which countries share land border with vietnam?
who did queen mary marry?
where did japan invade to get resources?
who is the chicago bulls head coach?
what type of money do you use in cuba?
where in georgia does usher live?
who are the two state senators of georgia?
what type of government does australia use?
what language do people in czech republic speak?
who plays riley finn on buffy the vampire slayer?
what kind of political system is canada?
who plays giles in buffy the vampire slayer?
who voices lola bunny in looney tunes?
what did charles babbage create in the 1800s?
who voices anakin in the clone wars?
what did hitler hate?
who plays faramir in lord of the rings?
when is the last time chicago bulls won a championship?
what is jonathan swift famous for?
what is the holy book in taoism?
where was dr luther king jr born?
where french revolution?
who does peyton manning play 4?
when is the diwali festival?
what professional baseball team did michael jordan play for?
where is bob marley grave?
what did hitler do bad?
where is murray kentucky?
what time zone is anaheim ca?
where is mount vernon texas?
what countries are included in the netherlands?
what is caesar augustus known for?
what form of government is israel?
what year did the florida marlins win their 2nd world series title?
who is timothy hutton married to?
what guitar does duane allman play?
what is the speech i have a dream about martin luther king?
what is the biggest country in europe by population?
what team does hank baskett play for 2011 season?
what happened to mike tyson?
what are the african nations?
where did dr. martin luther king jr. go to school?
what channel is game show network on time warner cable?
what is the senate responsible for?
what party did paul keating belong to?
what book did w.e.b. dubois wrote?
what are romney's sons names?
where is art smith from?
what films did michael clarke duncan star in?
what time does arkansas play football today?
what are the major imports and exports of canada?
what other political offices has obama been in?
what airport do you fly into for clearwater florida?
what to do in venice beach ca?
what college did russell wilson go to?
what inspired van gogh work?
where is fresno texas located?
what is wrong with robin roberts?
where to go in downtown nashville tn?
what type of government does mexico use?
what team rasheed wallace?
what is the timezone in england called?
what airport is closest to palm springs?
what was abe lincoln's wife name?
what team does pudge rodriguez play for?
what form of government do we have in the usa?
who are famous people from spain?
when did shaq come to the nba?
what empire did maria theresa rule?
where is texas rangers home stadium?
what movie is angelina jolie directing?
what language do they speak brazil?
who is jimmy fallon married to?
what country is russia close to?
who is the coach of inter milan now?
where are john deere snow blowers made?
what is the money called in peru?
what movies did kristen stewart act in?
what art movement does vincent van gogh belong to?
what county is orlando fl in?
what music did robert pattinson do for twilight?
what type of government is the philippines?
what do you call russian currency?
where did sir donald bradman live?
what are the holydays of obligation in the catholic church 2013?
what is the name of the broncos mascot?
what caused the russian financial crisis of 1998?
what kind government does the us have?
what does jamaican people speak?
what did james k polk do before he was president?
what is the oregon ducks 2012 football schedule?
who plays ken barlow in coronation street?
what happened after mr. sugihara died?
who did mozart write his four horn concertos for?
where is jamarcus russell from?
where was george washington carver from?
what else did ben franklin invent?
who was richard nixon married to?
what country did germany invade first in ww1?
what is the best sandals resort in st lucia?
who is governor of ohio 2011?
who was vice president after kennedy died?
where is the fukushima daiichi nuclear plant located?
who is the minority leader of the house of representatives now?
what countries are part of the uk?
who plays bilbo baggins in the hobbit?
what things did martin luther king do?
what is my timezone in louisiana?
what did st augustine do?
who is keyshia cole dad?
what kind government does egypt have?
what town was martin luther king assassinated in?
where did edgar allan poe died?
when did charles goodyear invented rubber?
what to do today in atlanta with kids?
who did france surrender to in ww2?
what electorate does anna bligh represent?
what channel is the usa pageant on?
what are some of the traditions of islam?
where did andy murray started playing tennis?
what is the australian dollar called?
what timezone is sweden?
who did cam newton sign with?
what county is frederick md in?
what highschool did harper lee go to?
what timezone is utah in?
who did george w. bush run against for the second term?
who is niall ferguson's wife?
who was the leader of soviet union during wwii?
where is the galapagos islands located on a world map?
what are the songs that justin bieber wrote?
what did george clemenceau do?
what is the state flower of arizona?
where was rihanna born and raised?
what year did president william henry harrison take office?
where george lopez was born?
where are samsung based?
what did the islamic people believe in?
what did the scientist chadwick discovered?
who will play mr gray in the film?
what did george orwell died of?
who won the battle of gettysburg union or confederate?
what country did adolf hitler control?
who is michael buble?
what county is kansas city kansas?
what was john quincy adams famous for?
who did jackie robinson first play for?
when did annie open?
where did eleanor roosevelt die?
what are the religions practiced in indonesia?
what was jesse james killed with?
who was vp for lincoln?
what other books did charles dickens write?
who was the first dictator of the soviet union?
what is the currency of puerto rico called?
what kind of cancer did carl wilson have?
who plays the voice of kitt in knight rider?
what county is brentwood tennessee in?
who is moira en x men?
who did michael j fox marry?
what battles did stonewall jackson fight in?
what language do the maasai tribe speak?
who did benjamin franklin get married to?
what disease did patrick swayze died from?
what works of art did leonardo da vinci produce?
what capital of austria?
what type of cancer did eva peron have?
what country did buddha come from?
what county is greeley colorado in?
where is the ellen degenerous show filmed?
what did peter tchaikovsky do?
which countries speak german officially?
what type of music did john lennon sing?
who are the colorado representatives?
which country does greenland belong to?
what the zip code for seattle washington?
who is willow smith mom name?
what do you call the chinese writing system?
who played on the jeffersons?
what is the name of the san francisco newspaper?
what made the soviet union fall?
what continent does armenia belong to?
what did randy savage died of?
what was the title of the book charles darwin wrote?
where did richard nixon die?
what songs does smokey robinson sing?
who was vice president when jfk was president?
what is serbian language called?
what language is spoken in haiti today?
what are the names of the city states in ancient greece?
who played barbara gordon batgirl?
what basketball teams has shaq played for?
where is jay leno from?
what language do people from thailand speak?
who did armie hammer play in the social network?
what was thomas jefferson role in the declaration of independence?
what was the book written by charles darwin?
who did tim tebow play college football for?
who does peyton manning play football for?
where is the carpathian mountain range located?
what was robert burns?
what did anton van leeuwenhoek contribute to our knowledge of cells?
who did the voice of darth vader in episode 3?
what super bowl did peyton manning win?
which country was justin bieber born in?
where are yamaha outboard motors manufactured?
who fought in the gulf war 1991?
who plays london tipton in suite life on deck?
what was the ancient chinese writing system?
what team did david beckham play for in 2011?
where did francisco coronado come from?
what all does google now do?
what language does egyptian people speak?
what are abraham sons names?
who wrote the jana gana mana?
what type of cancer did gilda radner die of?
who plays juni cortez?
what was lucille ball?
who did carrie ann inaba get engaged to?
who inspired obama?
who is michael j fox wife?
where did dolly parton grow up?
what type of books did agatha christie wrote?
who is the woman that john edwards had an affair with?
what is jimi hendrix purple haze about?
where can i go running in sacramento?
what are the four main languages spoken in spain?
where is the nra headquarters located?
what is the song anna kendrick sings in pitch perfect?
who is gimli's father in the hobbit?
who developed the tcp ip reference model?
who led the campaign in the shenandoah valley?
who founded the pittsburgh steelers in 1933?
what college did albert einstein go to?
what team does jordan own?
who is the state governor of tennessee?
who is eli whitney and what did he invent?
what do portuguese people speak?
what language does cuba speak?
where did aaron rodgers go to high school?
where herman cain stance on the issues?
what are the sights to see in madrid?
what instruments did louis armstrong play?
what year was george w bush elected?
what time zone am i in california?
where is mission san buenaventura located?
who was the italian leader in ww1?
what time in hilo hawaii?
where did rudolf virchow conduct his research?
what university did gordon brown attend?
what countries does greece share borders with?
what year did the seahawks win the superbowl?
what did stephen hawking become famous for?
who plays donna noble?
what was dr seuss education?
where did queensland get its name from?
what document did james madison write?
what are the three official languages of belgium?
who played bilbo in lord of the rings?
what airport do you fly into to get to destin fl?
what do you call members of the senate?
what countries are part of the baltic?
what team does colin kaepernick play for?
where did joe flacco attend college?
who is emma stone father?
where was theodore roosevelt buried?
who was the leader of the us during wwii?
what artistic movement did henri matisse belong to?
where the missouri river ends?
what type of currency do they use in thailand?
who is khloe kardashian's husband?
what years did romney serve as governor?
what state does romney live in?
what type of government does france use?
who rules denmark right now?
what did stephen hawking study?
where did bristol palin go to school?
what region of the world is egypt associated with?
what did dr. seuss do?
where did drew brees go to college wikianswers?
what are republicans views on health care?
what school did ben roethlisberger go to?
where did the iroquois indians come from?
what kind of guitar did george harrison use?
what language do navajo people speak?
what places make up new england?
what are the landlocked countries in latin america?
what type of government does iraq have now?
where was the vietnam war location?
who did gerald ford select as his vice president when he became president?
what is the currency used in italy?
who is jamie little engaged to?
what is the capital of modern egypt?
what school did sir ernest rutherford go to?
what position does brandon roy play?
where is harvard university?
what does janelle brown work?
where is laos in world map?
where is tyrese gibson from?
what countries are near italy?
which states does the colorado river run through?
who did scarlett johansson date?
which continents were part of the roman empire?
where was elvis costello born?
where are the gobi desert located on a map?
what type of government does the us follow?
in which continent is germany?
when did the wright brothers created their first plane?
what language turkey people speak?
who does jeremy lin play for?
where is the seychelles on world map?
what is the average temperature in phoenix az in december?
where did william morris go to college?
what state is mount st. helens in?
who is jimmy savile?
where were the seneca indians located?
what is william taft known for?
what state is washington d.c. located?
where to exchange euros in new york city?
when did florida marlins join mlb?
what countries have spanish as the national language?
what to see in phoenix arizona?
what countries does the panama canal go through?
what is charlie chaplin famous for?
who did paul revere marry?
what did fred durst do?
who did the chargers draft in 2011?
where do american bulldogs originate from?
what colleges did albert einstein teach at?
who plays the voice of brian on family guy?
what make of bike did steve mcqueen ride in the great escape?
where did george w bush live as a child?
which dawkins book to read first?
what year was the first miss america pageant held?
what was nikola tesla inventions?
where did flemish people come from?
what state new york city belong to?
what was the cause of death for bruce lee?
what type of government does usa follow?
what type of currency do they use in england?
where was benjamin franklin educated?
what countries included in the uk?
what countries in the world speak chinese?
where obama went to school?
what is the primary language of china?
who was the soviet leader during world war ii?
which of the following does australia export the most?
where was david berkowitz arrested?
where was the city of david?
what is cindy sherman known for?
what tv shows did shawnee smith play in?
what are aristotle's contributions to science?
what does australia use for currency?
which airport to fly into rome?
what is there to do for fun in kansas city?
where was martin luther king jr raised?
what year was lebron james rookie season?
where does delaware river start?
what kind of monarchy does japan have?
where did mitt romney's parents come from?
what places in japan were bombed?
when did michael jordan return to the nba?
what type of economy exists in china?
what is the currency in egypt 2012?
where was mission san rafael located?
who was esther's husband?
who's dating claire danes?
what county is st paul va in?
what produce does florida export?
what type of sports do japanese play?
which countries share a border with russia?
what did drita find out?
where did the latin language originate from?
when does the mayan calendar end exactly?
what school did karl benz go to?
what movies has carmen electra been in?
when does jewish new year start?
when do world war ii end?
what do christians believe about heaven hell and purgatory?
where did morgan freeman graduate?
who did queen elizabeth 1 executed?
where is arabic most spoken?
who was carolus linnaeus?
what type of government does germany have now?
what kind of government does libya have today?
what time zone is anaheim california?
what year did the orioles go to the world series?
what would ap xin zhao do?
who is sir francis bacon?
what were amelia earhart's achievements?
what are the official colors of the dallas cowboys?
where did margaret hoover go to college?
what is jamie oliver children names?
where does bradley walsh live?
who is the head coach of inter milan?
where does the shannon river start and end?
who did reese witherspoon get married to?
where did dutch language come from?
what kind of money should i take to costa rica?
where is the ufc headquarters?
who plays captain kirk in star trek?
who does albert pujols play for 2012?
what kind of government is sweden?
where was country singer george jones born?
what did shakespeare become famous for?
where does russia import from?
what is the money of switzerland called?
what to see near grand canyon?
when did the jews stop making animal sacrifices?
what do people in australia speak?
what has ian somerhalder acted in?
what movies did ron howard director?
what role did alexander hamilton play in the constitution?
who is shakira married to?
what did gerald r ford die from?
what two continents is turkey on?
where did kevin love go to college?
what type of government was formed when italy unified?
what was the ancient egyptians spoken language?
where was the temple of karnak built?
who is the senior senator of louisiana?
what movies did morgan freeman star in?
who did john kennedy have affairs with?
what type of money to take to cuba?
what currency should you take to morocco?
who is mary mcleod bethune for kids?
what do they call money in japan?
what nationality is mother teresa?
who is richard pryor son?
what countries share borders with spain?
what countries have english as their official language?
what international organizations is china part of?
what county is west st paul in?
what college did magic johnson play for?
who does donnie wahlberg play in the sixth sense?
what did baron de montesquie influence?
what do australians call bigfoot?
who did carlos boozer play for?
what countries share a land border with indonesia?
who owns the portland press herald?
what did albert speer design?
who does jordan palmer play for?
what art movement did leonardo da vinci belong to?
what time does american horror story air?
what airport is near arlington tx?
who did vasco de gama explore for?
what type of government does the us constitution set up?
what team does heskey play for?
where did emperor hirohito live?
what to do and see in vienna austria?
when did conflict start in ireland?
when did the lakers 3 peat?
what bible do catholics follow?
what is there to do in peoria illinois?
what language do british speak?
what makes elvis presley famous?
what high school did lil wayne graduate from?
who is washington redskins backup qb?
what language do people speak in the netherlands?
what are the major languages spoken in greece?
what movies has john williams score?
what to do in richardson dallas?
what type of artist is henri matisse?
what was the first book charles dickens wrote?
what books did agatha christie wrote?
what school did michael jordan attend?
which continental congress approve the declaration of independence?
what year does hitler die?
where is mount st helens volcano?
what shows are shot in new york?
what book did tupac write?
what language do chinese people write in?
what was robert burns famous for?
when did william mckinley died?
how deep is lake merritt oakland?
who is the next governor of indiana?
what are the important holidays of islam?
what type of music did claude debussy play?
when was the last time the toronto maple leafs were in the stanley cup finals?
what currency does russia use 2012?
what team is hank baskett on 2010?
what are the two official languages of paraguay?
who is hammurabi and what did he do?
what state is the steelers from?
what college did sir isaac newton go to?
what are the school colors for harvard university?
where is the university of the rockies located?
what disease does robin roberts have?
what was the capital city of the east roman empire?
who plays edward scissorhands?
what does joey jordison play in slipknot?
what kind of language does turkey speak?
what was lebron james first team?
who fought the battle of gettysburg?
who is the coach of the sf giants?
where can you go on eco holidays in the uk?
who was the first president of the afl?
where did giuliana rancic grow up?
what are the major cities in ukraine?
which university did michael bay graduated from?
what did queen victoria say about the suffragettes?
what is st anthony patron saint of?
who does brian dawkins play for 2011?
what movies did tupac star in?
what form of currency does china have?
who plays kenneth?
what league are the indianapolis colts in?
what country did magellan represent?
where is perpignan located?
who did kim richards marry?
what happened in bosnia in the 90s?
when's the last time the steelers won the superbowl?
where does archbishop desmond tutu live?
where english is spoken?
where is giza pyramids located?
what is the zip code for midland tx?
what states make up the midwest us?
where do the florida marlins play spring training?
what instruments does justin bieber use?
what language does australians speak?
who did annie oakley married?
who has played lex luthor?
where does the zambezi river start?
where will tebow go in 2013?
what is the nigeria time?
where did they find jenni rivera's body?
what university did romney graduated from?
where is the time zone line in south dakota?
where is jason mraz from?
what killed john bonham?
what industry does walmart operate in?
what county is texarkana arkansas in?
what team was chris paul on?
what country was slovakia?
what music period did beethoven live in?
what did laura ingalls wilder wrote?
what type of government system does italy have?
what did john irving wrote?
what is the national flower of hawaii?
what did alice paul accomplish?
where to go fishing in roanoke va?
what languages do they speak in costa rica?
where did hank marvin come from?
when did chipper jones get drafted?
what part did winona ryder play in star trek?
what did president carter do in office?
what war did hitler lose?
where did jovan belcher kill himself?
where is the chernobyl nuclear power plant?
where did clay matthews go to school?
what time is it in texas houston right now?
who is princess leia in star wars?
what is the political structure of china?
what is new york city airport?
what language brazil speak?
who played obi wan in episode 2?
where did venus williams come from?
what currency is used in panama?
where does the zambezi river originate?
what countries do the united nations help?
what team did ronaldo play for in 2003?
where does robin williams live 2011?
who played jacob black in twilight?
when was president john adams elected?
who does lee clark manager?
which airport to fly into in buenos aires?
where to get a marriage license in long island?
what team did adrian peterson play for in college?
where does name pennsylvania come from?
what kind of money do they use in germany?
who plays blaine in batman?
what did james chadwick invent?
what language does australia use?
what position did vince lombardi play in college?
what kind of government did the united states have after the revolution?
who did veronica lake mary?
who did sir francis drake marry?
who plays stephanie plum in one for the money?
what did the ancient romans speak?
what does ringo sing?
where was st. lucy born?
what type of government does australia have?
where is the university of maryland medical school?
what objects did galileo see with his telescope?
where did salvador dali study art?
who was the father of king george vi?
what national team does cristiano ronaldo play for?
what flower is on the oklahoma quarter?
what is the zip code for trenton?
what has ashley greene been in?
where did al qaeda attack?
what language is spoken in switzerland?
who was philip in acts chapter 8?
what islands did darwin study finches on?
what the time zone in england?
what does egfr african american mean on a blood test?
what is the best currency to take to turkey?
what system of government is practiced in nigeria?
what else did alexander graham bell invent other than the telephone?
where did holly madison get her breast implants?
who were mary shelley?
what language do most australians speak?
where is denmark situated?
where was teddy roosevelt's house?
what is the government system of malaysia?
what do people speak in canada?
what type of money do they use in costa rica?
what timezone is nashville tn?
what does the sun in the philippine flag represent?
who was anakin skywalker?
where did adolf hitler die?
what is the largest nation in europe?
where was the first gulf war fought?
who are the senators of virginia 2013?
what band was george clinton in?
what country borders slovakia?
what was james garfield most known for?
where did paula deen go to school?
where does robert irvine come from?
what style of music does michael jackson perform?
what does david beckham play?
what does julian lennon do?
what is the milwaukee brewers mascot?
what is the second biggest state in the united states?
who led the mexican army at the battle of the alamo?
what has charlie hunnam been in?
what are all the movies taylor swift has been in?
what school did michael jackson go to high school?
what college did brett favre?
what time does registration open portland state?
where did alex chilton die?
what college did martin luther king jr go to?
where is harley davidson made?
what kind of cancer did farrah fawcett die of?
who is michael j fox's wife?
what money do i use in costa rica?
what guitar did joe walsh play?
what are the official languages of the eu?
what is ryan seacrest radio show?
what did african americans do during the revolutionary war?
what language do most italians speak?
what broncos are in the pro bowl?
what money do they use in spain?
what did drew barrymore go to rehab for?
when is saint george day celebrated?
what government did the roman empire have?
which country won the crimean war?
what instrument did robin gibb play?
who voiced darth vader?
when was abe lincoln president?
where are the texas rangers playing?
what did andrew johnson accomplish as president?
what is arkansas state capitol?
what is the best tour to egypt?
where to go in vietnam beaches?
what is the zip code for nogales az?
when did michael vick start playing for the eagles?
where do kfc get their chicken from?
what is william taft famous for?
who was jesse james killed by?
where did robin cook die?
where did melba beals live?
how large is kony army?
who is louisiana state senator?
what are the 7 countries that are part of central america?
where did derek fisher go to college?
who was kobe bryant drafted by?
where are the new orleans hornets moving to?
what language does algerian people speak?
where was anne boleyn executed?
what did galileo do to become famous?
what school did martin luther king jr received his doctorate degree from?
where buddha come from?
what did king henry viii rule?
what type of cancer did larry hagman have?
where is byron nelson 2012?
what wars did robert e lee served in?
what russian language called?
who is in charge of libya now?
what currency does australia use 2012?
when did shays rebellion start?
what kind of disease does montel williams have?
where do flemish come from?
when is the last time the ravens won a superbowl?
where did kansas city royals come from?
what style of music does john mayer play?
what is the theme of scarlet letter by nathaniel hawthorne?
what inventions did thomas edison invent list?
where did djokovic come from?
who is the arizona cardinals backup quarterback?
what part of the country is new england?
what money to take to turkey?
what kind of music did jimi hendrix play?
what degrees did obama get in college?
who were alexander graham bell's siblings?
when tupac was shot?
when did liverpool fc last win the champions league?
who played jeannie?
what kind of shoes do french people wear?
where was st peter killed?
who does jeremy shockey play for in 2012?
what college did deion sanders jr go to?
when did the battle of alamo start?
what were the names of henry viii's three children?
what was queen elizabeth ii childhood nickname?
where did tim tebow grow up?
where is chesapeake bay bridge?
who played victoria barkley?
where did kennedy's inaugural address take place?
what countries have german as the official language?
where did the taliban began?
what kind of government system did ancient egypt have?
who plays elena gilbert on vampire diaries?
what happened to jill valentine?
what does the missouri river bisect?
what nationality is taylor lautner jacob black?
what animal represents california?
what company does nike own?
what language do colombian people speak?
what year did ray allen join the nba?
what color jerseys do the redskins wear at home?
what is claire danes famous for?
what county is san antonio in?
what characters does matt stone do?
what timezone is the state of michigan and?
what type of government did soviet union have?
what languages are there in japan?
what year did the bulls get rodman?
who was saint paul the apostle?
what hemisphere is africa located in?
where did vince scully go to college?
where does princess leia live?
what famous people are from el salvador?
what type of art did leonardo da vinci make?
where did mary bell live?
what countries don need a visa for usa?
who did kimberly williams marry?
what other movies has ryan gosling been in?
what political party does julia gillard belong to?
what is the currency of germany now?
what kind of hispanic is selena gomez?
who did denise van outen married?
what are egyptian money called?
what is the zip code for wyoming michigan?
who is the president of costa rica in 2012?
where did martin luther king got shot at?
who wrote the gospel according to john?
what form of government is the uk?
what college football team did john elway play for?
who did nasri play for before arsenal?
what currency does the czech republic use now?
what age did william penn get married?
what was firefox programmed in?
what government does new zealand have?
where is isthmus of panama located on the map?
what is the capital of republic of ireland?
what has kristen stewart acted in?
what did dr josef mengele do?
what kind of language does egypt speak?
who are the senators of hawaii 2012?
what form of government does north korea have?
where did robert kardashian go to college?
what happened at chernobyl?
what county is st james city fl in?
what did the akkadian empire include?
after how many years are the olympic games held?
what system of government does guyana have?
when was the last time the ny knicks won a playoff game?
what team did aguero play for?
who is the president of the european union 2012?
when is st joseph birthday?
what year was kenya moore crowned miss usa?
what sort of government does nigeria have?
where does chef ina garten live?
when the atlanta braves won the world series?
what is lamar odom doing now july 2012?
what kind of language do they speak in iran?
what was the first language spoken in spain?
what did scott joplin play?
what school did miley cyrus?
which hemingway book to read?
what language do most people speak in afghanistan?
who is the prime minister of jamaica west indies?
what role did paul mccartney play in the beatles?
when did juventus win the champions league?
when does school start for the university of oregon?
who is robin roberts father?
what is the capital of australia victoria state?
where is french spoken most?
what team is reggie bush on 2011?
what highschool did emily osment go to?
what currency should i take to mexico?
who is thor heyerdahl?
what area of science did leonardo da vinci study?
where did troy aikman play football?
who played cletus hogg?
who won fa cup 1976?
what did general robert e lee die from?
what style of art did henri matisse do?
who plays chuck bass in gossip girl?
what countries have territories in oceania?
what county is st. louis park in?
what is the political system of south africa?
when does parliament sit in canberra?
what language group does germany belong to?
what timezone is tucson arizona in right now?
when was lucy lawless born?
which political party does barack obama represent?
where is the empire of ghana?
what kind of leukemia did jill clayburgh have?
what is the name of the book hitler wrote in jail?
what is there to see in sydney australia?
where was marilyn monroe found dead?
what states does the sierra nevada run through?
what language is spoken in greek?
what team did monta ellis get traded to?
what is the name of the speaker of the house of representatives now 2011?
who plays stanley hudson?
what record label is kelly clarkson signed with?
where does tim roth come from?
what kind of equipment did isaac newton use?
what currency should you take to vietnam?
who did roger federer married?
what kind of money do i need in costa rica?
what caused the embargo against cuba?
what is the name of the capital of belgium?
what kind of government does japan have now?
what pieces of music did claude debussy compose?
who was selena gomez in barney and friends?
who plays caesar flickerman in the hunger games?
where did the gettysburg address?
what was the name of jfk's brothers?
who was tupac signed to?
what was augustus caesar famous for?
what kind of tennis racquet does serena williams use?
what language does colombia?
what is the zip code for schenectady new york?
who was president in 1988 in the united states?
where can you find wind turbines in canada?
who owns google 2012?
what drink did john pemberton create?
what position did stanley matthews play?
what type of government does brazil have 2011?
what was bonnie prince charlie full name?
who makes the voice of stewie griffin?
who is angelina jolie mom and dad?
who is the governor of indiana 2009?
who brad pitt has dated?
what party does barack obama belong to?
what is san francisco zip code?
who has stephen ireland played for?
what do people in france like to do for fun?
where did john mayer go to college?
what celebrities has brody jenner dated?
what is malaysian currency?
who are china's neighbors?
who owns volkswagen car company?
which is the main train station in rome?
what did steve mcnair died from?
who is the newly elected governor of california?
who plays roxanne in ghost rider?
where is the sony ericsson company?
what kind of currency does the dominican republic have?
what to do this weekend in manchester with kids?
what sport is popular in italy?
where is the main headquarters of google?
what was jesse owens education?
where does carlos santana live?
what is the new movie john carter about?
what was goebbels role?
what countries does nafta include?
what county is houston tx in?
where do the seattle seahawks play?
who does michael keaton play in cars?
what are the mountains in northern spain?
where is the riviera casino?
what is the holy book of the buddhist religion?
who became president when henry harrison died?
where did richard arkwright grow up?
what other books did louis sachar write?
when did roth ira originate?
what is the best zelda game to start with?
who does the voice for darth vader?
what is the dominant religion in the us?
what did thomas malthus do?
what is the zip code for newark california?
what states share a border with tennessee?
what to see and do in vancouver washington?
what war did the us lose the most soldiers?
what kind of government is egypt?
what musical instruments does justin bieber play?
who is james madison and what did he do?
what did obama do before he was elected president?
where do john lennon die?
who plays edward on deception?
what was herbert hoover best known for?
what games will be on nfl network this year?
what is the current time in bangalore india?
what language do people from greece speak?
where is the phillies spring training stadium?
what movies does matt dallas play in?
who was john f kennedy's family?
where is harley davidson corporate headquarters?
when was john paul ii?
where is belgium germany?
where did starbucks get their logo?
where was the ottoman empire based?
where was bin laden found and killed?
what are the names of harry potter movies in order?
what did pamela courson die from?
what did dr jack kevorkian do?
what does bolivia border?
who plays stacey in the stacy's mom video?
who does nolan ryan play for?
what is the currency of sweden in 2010?
what country does justin bieber come from?
what is the head judge of the supreme court called?
who was frida kahlo influenced by?
where is taylor swift from?
what type of religion does argentina have?
when is the last time the giants won the world series?
what is the main language used in china?
where did the battle of waterloo occur?
what spain brought to the new world?
who did vladimir lenin marry?
what year did the baltimore ravens win superbowl?
what team does cristiano ronaldo play for 2011?
what are physical features of egypt?
what book is mark twain famous for?
what is money called in italy?
what is the government of france for 2010?
where did theodor schwann study?
how old is bruno mars and where is he from?
who are the virginia senators 2013?
what was dr seuss's real name?
what countries are members of the security council?
where are the nordic countries?
what country sponsored ferdinand magellan?
what did vera ellen die from?
what is the capital of modern day egypt?
what province is toronto in ( 7 letters )?
where do most illegal immigrants in the us come from?
who will plaxico burress play for in 2011?
what is the currency of brazil now?
what types of art did andy warhol do?
what other states border florida?
who does mike marry at the end of season 5 desperate housewives?
what are the predominant religions in russia?
what countries were part of the spanish empire?
who will coach carolina panthers in 2013?
where did louis sachar grow up?
who plays marshall eriksen?
what activities are there to do in greece?
what to do for fun in houston?
where did otto frank go to college?
what else has jennifer lawrence played in?
who is the governor of pennsylvania state now?
where is ancient phoenician?
where does the celtics practice?
what did george washington do as a teenager?
where bin laden got killed?
where does toronto get its water from?
what language do people from bosnia speak?
where did hugo chavez go to school?
who does japan import from?
what is the name of sonia gandhi daughter?
who do islamic people pray to?
where was mary todd lincoln from?
where did charles darwin die?
what movies does nick cannon play in?
when did the big earthquake hit san francisco?
who was king george vi married to?
where was jesus after he died on the cross?
who is sir james dyson?
who voiced darth vader in the original star wars movies?
what high school did maya angelou go to?
what 5 countries border switzerland?
what country did benito mussolini govern?
where did mubarak get his wealth?
who was the leader of the first communist party of china?
what did miles davis died of?
what is the zip code for azle texas?
what date did sally pearson won gold?
when did the detroit pistons last win the championship?
when did the philadelphia flyers win the cup?
who is number 22 for the dallas cowboys?
what county is st paul nc in?
where is olympic national park wa?
where did nat turner 1831 rebellion occur?
who would play luke skywalker?
who won the presidential election in egypt 2012?
where turkish people originate?
what state is barack obama from?
what years did joe montana win super bowl?
who should the minnesota vikings draft?
what percent of americans have college degree?
what awards gary paulsen won?
what caused the cuban rebellion in 1868?
where did alexander graham bell die?
what year did the golden state warriors win their first nba championship?
what currency should i take to turkey?
what type of government did mexico have?
what countries are in the uk yahoo?
what superbowl did the baltimore ravens win?
what is the language of russia s spoken?
who played lauren reed on alias?
who is the king of cambodia now?
who are serena williams parents?
what schools did sir isaac newton go to?
what was the cause of death for huell howser?
what books are written by suzanne collins?
what countries does england border?
what team did messi play for in 2010?
what time zone is greensburg indiana?
what fma stands for?
who plays voldemort?
what colleges did harper lee attend?
who founded the kkk?
what is the university of georgia known for?
what jobs did john adams have before he was president?
what year did super mario bros 2 come out?
what political party did andrew johnson belong to?
where did joseph's family live?
where was osama bin laden killed?
where were greek temples built?
where are people who speak arabic from?
who was queen elizabeth ii mom?
what type of art did pablo picasso paint?
who did ricky martin started his career with?
what is ella fitzgerald parents name?
who is anne hathaway parents?
who does don draper gets engaged to?
what was van halen first album?
what political system did spain have?
what led to the split of the republican party in 1912?
what to see in toronto top 10?
what are the supreme court cases?
what is penn state's main campus?
when is the rainy season in bangkok thailand?
where did the israel palestine conflict start?
what country does alaska belong to?
where is kansas city?
what was pink floyd's first album?
who did granville t. woods married?
what type of government did thomas jefferson prefer?
what language did the sioux indians speak?
what are some famous people from el salvador?
who did brett gardner play for in 2008?
who plays dwight in the office?
who plays riley on buffy the vampire slayer?
what county is san diego ca?
who is the miami dolphins quarterback?
where did the yoruba originated from?
where did anne frank go to school?
what basketball player is married to monica?
what did hitler use to kill himself?
what do people speak in germany?
when is the last time the denver broncos won the superbowl?
where was caesar when he was stabbed?
what style of music did bessie smith perform?
what team did jackie robinson?
what time zone is chicago in right now?
what two countries make up the dominican republic?
who was the vice president under ronald reagan?
where do the chicago white sox play home games?
what part did jeff conaway play in grease?
what book did benjamin franklin published?
what currency to take to barbados?
where did they get the name stanley cup?
what is the space needle in toronto?
what is the zip code of syracuse ny?
where did tennessee williams go to college?
what is the name of airport in new york?
who was queen victoria's husband?
where did benjamin franklin work?
what does barbara bush do for work?
who is jacob latimore?
what happened to dunkirk during ww2?
what was scottie pippen good at?
who played donna on west wing?
what are serena williams achievements?
who played meg in season 1 of family guy?
when was the last time the dallas cowboys won the superbowl?
what did napoleon bonaparte do as emperor?
where do ireland play rugby union?
who killed lee harvey oswald shot?
when was the last time knicks won the championship?
when did celtics win the championship?
what countries included in oceania?
what country is nicki minaj from?
who played harry potter dumbledore actor?
who was the prime minister of pakistan in 1999?
what movies did christopher plummer play in?
what is capital city of morocco?
what movies is omar epps in?
what district does nancy pelosi represent?
where is walton indiana?
where did george herbert walker bush go to college?
what did bruce jenner win gold medal for?
where do they speak tibetan?
what to do in hollywood ca this weekend?
who ran against abraham lincoln for president in 1860?
where did kim kardashian come from?
what town did justin bieber grew up in?
what is michael kors best known for?
who plays charlie in the santa clause movies?
where does the expression excuse my french come from?
what was napoleon bonaparte accomplishments?
what highschool did r. kelly attend?
what happened at benghazi?
what country is nike based in?
what is the percentage of youth in uganda?
what kind of money do i bring to mexico?
who did steve spurrier play pro football for?
what is the only colony on the south america continent?
where do the blackhawks play?
who plays john connor?
what is the main language spoken in mexico?
what are italians classified as?
what has angelina jolie accomplished?
who played captain kirk in star trek movie?
who played dana scully in x files?
who was the first governor of colonial south carolina?
what was f. scott fitzgerald?
what is the dominant language spoken in jamaica?
who is the coach for the new york knicks?
who was wesley snipes?
where does sherrod brown live?
what kind of language does colombia speak?
what currency does england use now?
who was the original voice of meg griffin on family guy?
what kind of government is mali?
who did cristiano ronaldo play for in 2010?
what is the zip code for morgantown wv?
what is jacksonville fl timezone?
who does amy stiller play in dodgeball?
who were king henry vii children?
who plays mary jane in the spiderman movies?
who does mila kunis play on family guy?
when did the san francisco earthquake occur?
who played damien in the omen 2006?
what athlete am i olympics?
who played denver in four christmases?
what to do with kids in essex?
who did the cleveland cavaliers draft?
what concentration camp did anne frank died in?
when did gordon brown resigns?
what language does east timor speak?
what is the currency in italy?
where does greek language come from?
what is the name of the currency used in italy?
where is audrey hepburn from?
where did the australian floods take place?
who does darth vaders voice?
when is nrl grand final day?
what school did douglas macarthur go to?
what famous people are from barbados?
what is the name of the currency used in china?
what are the names of michael jackson's 3 children?
what currency to take to turkey 2010?
who is the current governor of arizona 2010?
when was the most recent earthquake in haiti?
who is lamar odom playing for this year?
where were the great pyramids of giza built?
who designed national flag of italy?
what language do the russian speak?
what language do australia people speak?
what country was king tut's tomb found?
where did abraham and his descendants live?
where did george washington carver go to collage?
what are the sports in spain?
where president obama was born?
what sports do people play in poland?
who was demi lovato dating?
where did tony gonzalez play college basketball?
what films has scarlett johansson been in?
who originally voiced meg on family guy?
who played amy squirrel in bad teacher?
where are boeing headquarters?
what type of religions are in the united states?
who did viggo mortensen play in lord of the rings?
what lands did henry hudson discover?
who was isaac newton and what did he do?
who did william shakespeare marry?
what movies queen latifah is in?
where did michelle obama graduated from?
what kind of music did franz liszt compose?
what country does david luiz play for?
what document did thomas jefferson wrote?
who is martin luther king jr facts?
where is victoria british columbia?
how many mary mary sisters?
what do we call the currency of france?
where do scottish people originate from?
what team does david beckham play for in 2012?
what movies did nick cannon star in?
what radio station is npr on in nyc?
who did tom landry play for?
where was john jay born?
where is mount fuji located?
when is venus brightest?
where was toussaint l'ouverture born?
what countries makes up the uk?
what is lawton ok zip code?
what is the capital city of spain wiki answers?
where do they speak german?
when did mark mcgwire retired?
what is colorado technical university?
what was the currency used in france before the euro?
what is kentucky state slogan?
what type of government does russia have 2010?
what did elvis presley died from?
who played samantha stephens in bewitched?
what area of science did sir isaac newton study?
what county is san diego in?
which country in north america is divided into provinces?
where is the scottish house in skyfall?
when does daylight saving end in new zealand 2012?
what is real name of santa claus?
when did kelly slater go pro?
what did coretta scott king died from?
what does wh smith stand for?
what type of drugs did whitney houston?
who was vp for nixon?
what religion did adolf hitler follow?
where is the illinois river on a map?
where honduras in the world?
who do pagans worship?
where do i vote milwaukee wisconsin?
who owns mazda canada?
who does ronaldinho play for now 2011?
what galileo galilei was famous for?
what are the major trading partners of germany?
where did romney graduated college?
who did johnny depp play in corpse bride?
what is the zip code for jonesboro ar?
what college did se hinton go?
when was taylor swift fearless tour?
who was juan ponce de leon family?
where did charles darwin and his wife live?
who is the voice of kitt?
what is eminem's real full name?
who is amy grant's first husband?
what are the seven nations of central america?
what is jamie spears baby name?
what region did the incas live in?
who did australia fight in the first world war?
what countries does canada have trade agreements with?
who is the mother of prince michael jackson?
what is the clemson mascot name?
which of the following was a contribution thomas hunt morgan made to genetics?
what rainforest is in south america?
what type of art does claude monet do?
what country did hitler invaded to start ww2?
when did we start war with iraq?
who did taft defeated in 1908?
what guitar did kurt cobain?
who did jennifer lawrence play in x men?
who is the governor of virginia 2011?
who did darth vaders voice?
what type of equipment did dorothea lange use?
where is walton county ga?
what cancer did jackie kennedy die of?
what does lauren conrad major in?
what time zone is pennsylvania in right now?
where did mario lopez go to school?
where is tupac from originally?
what role did george lucas play in star wars?
what sarah dessen books are movies?
what is the current time in kauai hawaii?
what did dmitri mendeleev discover in 1869?
where was farrah fawcett buried?
what are the colonies of great britain?
what inspired steinbeck?
what kind of government does cuba have today?
where are english speakers distributed?
what was george washington's legacy?
what is the capital of italy today?
who was dan white?
what language do people speak in the bahamas?
where did george michael go to school?
what team did jeremy lin go to?
what club does cristiano ronaldo play for in 2010?
what time zone is in the bahamas?
where did african american slaves come from?
what language do people speak in brazil?
who influenced samuel taylor coleridge?
what does kim kardashian work as?
where did the mississippi river end?
who played carlton lassiter on psych?
what was john deere famous for?
who is president of israel?
where did the anasazi indians live?
who plays harley quinn?
what was francis bacon contributions?
what percent of people are overweight in the uk?
who is ruling libya?
when does ziva start on ncis?
what is the name of the national anthem of canada ( 2 words )?
where are you from in malayalam?
what did mark zuckerberg study?
which country was michael jackson born?
what countries require travel visas for us citizens?
who was stephen r covey?
what country was stalin in charge of?
what is monta ellis career high points?
what do the symbols on the nevada flag mean?
what nationality is rihanna?
what has shannen doherty played in?
what college did joakim noah?
when was the last time the red sox won 100 games?
who plays billy elliot?
what team will michael vick play for in 2011?
what kourtney kardashian boyfriends name?
what form of government does australia use?
what team did howie long?
where did the greek alphabet come from?
what timezone is elizabethtown kentucky?
what to see in christchurch new zealand?
where is chris paul from?
what year was albert pujols rookie year?
what are the colors of the ny giants?
what business did andrew carnegie dominate?
what was sir isaac newton's inventions?
where to visit in paris with children?
who did shaq first play for?
who was the artist of mickey mouse?
what is the zip code for concord?
what football team is michael vick on?
where does the columbia river start?
what are all the names of the harry potter books?
what banjo does scott avett play?
who was sir walter raleigh and what did he do?
what countries are in the euro dollar?
what currency can you use in barbados?
who is angelina jolie?
where is nineveh city?
what is the state flower of new mexico?
where is the national ffa foundation located today?
which countries speak germanic languages?
who plays eowyn in lord of the rings?
what to do in cancun during spring break?
where is augusta masters 2012?
what type of cancer did eva peron die from?
who did terrell owens play for in 2010?
where is denmark south carolina?
when will the world end mayans?
what books did ernest hemingway write?
what year did baltimore ravens win super bowl?
where did the battle of passchendaele happen?
what part of the country is ohio considered?
what team is cristiano ronaldo play for?
what standard time is michigan?
what was john tyler?
what did romo do?
what currency can you use in jamaica?
where did jay moriarty die?
where was the boston tea party 1773?
what drugs lindsay lohan abuse?
when did carolina panthers go to superbowl?
when did the burma cyclone happen?
what is michael kors real name?
who won the governor election in texas?
what does helen flanagan do?
when are the summer and winter olympics held?
where is tennessee river?
what are some major events in venezuela?
what guitar does corey taylor play?
who was president after franklin d. roosevelt?
where did kate gosselin grew up?
under what political system does the united states government operate?
which countries in africa were slaves taken from?
what to do in paris in 1 day?
what city is mt lassen in?
where did jennifer arnold go to medical school?
what is the state motto of ohio?
what country do maltese come from?
what type of music did mozart composed?
what stones albums did mick taylor play on?
how many kids were there in the kennedy family?
which barcelona airport is closest to the port?
where has the english language evolved from?
what country did hitler invade that started ww2?
what does matt damon play in?
what was scottie pippen known for?
what continent does canada belong to?
what does george wilson do for a living?
where did kobe earthquake happen?
what city does fulham play in?
what are fun things to do in sacramento ca?
where is the euphrates and tigris river located on a map?
what other movies is josh hutcherson in?
what was hitler the leader of?
what awards did marilyn monroe won?
what kind of government does iran have after 1979?
where did harper lee attend high school?
what college did jrr tolkien go to?
what art did wassily kandinsky do?
who won the league cup in 2002?
what was antoni gaudi inspired by?
in what country do people speak danish?
who were demeter's siblings?
where should a family stay in paris?
what led to stalin rise in power?
what was the name of benjamin franklin wife?
what the largest city in spain?
what type of government was utilized in ancient egypt?
who has pudge rodriguez played for?
what is the milwaukee brewers stadium called?
where did the gallipoli war take place?
what other movies has tom hardy played in?
what to visit in atlanta?
what college did john nash go to?
what language do maltese speak?
what did thomas edison do for the world?
where is shakira from?
what did hayes do?
who played bilbo in the fellowship of the ring?
what is the most populated state in united states?
who is my state senator arizona?
when does the vietnam war end?
where does the tennessee river go?
who did tom hanks play in apollo 13?
what language do they in ghana?
what is utah's state capitol?
what all did ben franklin invent?
what city in florida has the lowest crime rate?
what team does jeremy lin play for 2013?
what is steve nash nationality?
who are the u s senators of pennsylvania?
what kind of language does france speak?
what degree did martin luther king earn?
what two states is st louis in?
when were south australian women given the right to vote?
what does sarabi?
who were wright brothers?
what team did peyton manning's dad play for?
what school did john henry thompson go to?
what did jesse owens won?
what is the name of the currency used in peru?
who is on the board of facebook?
what are the four nations of the united kingdom?
who is judy garland father?
what school did robert f kennedy go to?
what drug killed marilyn monroe?
where is the fukushima daiichi nuclear power station?
what is los angeles california time zone?
what did nicolas cage name his son?
what is berkshire hathaway invested in?
what currency should take to mexico?
who is the state governor of florida?
who was jessica simpson married too?
what do they speak in scotland?
what did john dalton study?
what songs do zac brown band sing?
where is glastonbury england?
who formed the american federation of labor?
what to visit in denver?
where did thomas hobbes live?
what do unitarian universalist believe?
what did john hancock do for the american revolution?
where was john f kennedy when he got shot?
what type of government does italy have 2011?
which state did anne hutchinson found?
what province is montreal canada located?
where does bronx begin?
who does kellan lutz play in prom night?
what did franz liszt do to earn a living?
what was nikola tesla known for?
what is the zip code for princeton nj?
what other countries border argentina?
what language does people in iceland speak?
what is the predominant religion in israel?
who has coached the carolina panthers?
what are the eight stages of erikson's theory?
what time zone is toronto gmt?
what country did toussaint l'ouverture help free?
what jobs did robert burns have?
who won utah attorney general?
who is the leader of libya 2011?
what the language spoken in indonesia?
what is warren g harding most known for?
who coaches the carolina panthers?
what other countries does south africa share borders with?
who played darth vader at the end of return of the jedi?
when was herbert hoover born and died?
what movies did joan crawford play in?
what products does the united states export?
what did neil armstrong say when he landed on the moon?
what did james polk do before he was president?
what is the kentucky state bird?
who was canadian prime minister in 1993?
which country invented nike?
what there to do in salt lake city utah?
what is the state of montana known for?
who will be the red sox next coach?
who is the current ohio state senator?
what are the major languages spoken in the united kingdom?
what did st. nicholas do in his life?
what percentage of cases does the us supreme court take?
when was christopher columbus first expedition?
what to do in rome october 2012?
what happened to pope john paul ii?
who was ulysses s. grant?
what was franklin pierce famous for?
when was the last time the boston bruins went to the stanley cup?
who is meredith gray married to in real life?
what inspired michelangelo buonarroti?
what does monsanto own?
who did woody harrelson play on cheers?
what language do they speak in sweden yahoo?
what language did they speak in ghana?
what form of government do we have in the philippines?
what colleges did mitt romney attend?
where is ibrahim afellay from?
who was the secretary of state when andrew jackson was president?
who does ron stoppable's voice?
what currency is accepted in new zealand?
what do they think happened to natalee holloway?
when did pakistan get its independence?
what places are in the west midlands?
what to do with kids in asheville nc?
who is in the american league in baseball?
who did kurt warner play 4?
who is dirk nowitzki wife?
who financed sir francis drake?
what did the ancient mayans predict?
where is spanish spoken most?
who does myles kennedy sing for?
where all did picasso live?
what currency shall i take to croatia?
what team is raul ibanez on?
what are the beliefs of the roman catholic?
what tv series did mark harmon star in?
what year did jimmy the rev sullivan die?
who plays anakin skywalker in star wars 1?
where does michelle pfeiffer live now?
what was laura ingalls wilder famous for?
what is tatu baby's real name?
which country did nike originate from?
where is dwight howard now?
who is nick lachey married to?
where did madonna grew up?
what capital city of brazil?
what college did john stockton go to?
what kind of currency does mexico use?
who owns chrysler corporation 2011?
what are some books that mark twain wrote?
what was gregor mendel contribution?
who has ray allen dated?
who is running for vice president with barack obama 2012?
what language do people from the uk speak?
what to do with my kids in toronto?
what kind of government is south korea?
what channel saints game?
who did ben franklin marry?
what sri lanka capital?
where was the assyrian homeland?
what kind of government does poland have?
what famous people came from delaware?
when did romney become governor?
what currency does cyprus use?
who was with president lincoln when he was assassinated?
what type of guitar does johnny depp play?
where to stay in singapore blog?
what episode of how i met your mother is carrie underwood on?
who are the 9 justices of the supreme court 2011?
who is dustin johnson the golfer?
who did cher have a son with?
what city is the university of oregon state in?
who played carmen cortez in spy kids?
what is the political system in germany?
what prompted shakespeare to write poetry?
what is the currency in turkey called?
what school did mark zuckerberg attend?
where does kate middleton live 2012?
what type of art does marc chagall do?
what character did billy d williams play in star wars?
what language is spoken in argentina?
who won the american league east in 2012?
what did isaac newton explain?
what school did wilfred owen go to?
who is kevin jonas married to?
where does airtran airways fly?
where does the city of paris get its name?
what to see in montreal downtown?
what was lil wayne's first hit song?
who did sandra bullock marry?
where is olympic national park located?
where is the un based?
what city and state is yale located in?
where did thomas paine die?
where was barack hussein obama sr born?
what do they do in cuba for fun?
where is the home stadium of the new england patriots?
who was kate chopin?
when did bill clinton go to college?
who helped eminem started his career?
what are staffordshire terriers?
what to do with kids in summer in dubai?
what victory was andrew jackson most famous for?
what to do downtown sacramento?
what makes the film so popular back in london?
who is michael j fox parents?
where did sanjay gupta go to school?
what team did brandon roy go to?
what countries are involved in the nafta?
what continent is cayman islands located?
what language speak in brazil?
what disease did anne frank die of?
who does kroy biermann play football for?
when is the last time the pittsburgh steelers won a superbowl?
who invented islamic religion?
who were we fighting in the gulf war?
how many languages do they speak in switzerland?
what political party does barack obama represent?
what movies does logan lerman play in?
where did emperor constantine die?
who plays ponyboy in that was then this is now?
where is mali located?
where to go in ibiza for families?
what planet did luke skywalker came from?
who are the coaches for the oakland raiders?
where was the first microsoft headquarters located?
where did john steinbeck go to college?
what did niels bohr discover about the atomic structure?
what books did louis sachar wrote?
who is ryan reynolds married to 2012?
what is newt gingrich's wife's name?
what type of music did antonio vivaldi play?
what school does james franco go to?
what is samuel langhorne clemens well known for?
who was president after william henry harrison?
who is jake gyllenhaal married to?
where did rick santorum attend high school?
what is the title of george bush's new book?
where did antoine lavoisier die?
what season did lana lang leave smallville?
what is the name of king george vi wife?
what year did seattle seahawks go to the super bowl?
who did richard nixon run against?
where does sami yusuf live?
what is the official language of brazil now?
what is the parliament of nepal called?
when's the last time the mets won the world series?
where do florida panthers play?
who is john cena married to?
what to do san jose ca?
who founded new york university?
who created arthur?
what countries constitute the eu?
what are all the countries in north africa?
what did bobby darin die of?
where does houston dynamo play?
what kind of guitar john mayer?
what cancer did patrick swayze?
what university did obama graduated from?
what jamaican money called?
where is the arizona cardinals stadium located?
what is sir isaac newton theory?
what should i do today in san francisco?
who influenced picasso art?
what is my timezone in pennsylvania?
what products and\/or services does google offer customers?
when does the wsop main event start?
who did cliff lee play for last year?
who played elaine the pain?
who killed martin luther king jr video?
what type of democracy is the united states?
when was the last time the toronto maple leafs made the playoffs?
what time in china hong kong?
what all movies has taylor lautner been in?
what disease did bernie mac die of?
who plays spike spiegel?
who was queen isabella's mother?
who does chris hemsworth have a baby with?
who was france allied with in ww2?
where is the mts iceplex in winnipeg?
what are the most popular religions in israel?
what was obama's former occupation?
what are all the songs justin bieber wrote?
where is the thames river source?
where did buster posey go to high school?
what new movies is robert pattinson in?
what language do they use in pakistan?
what kind of products does nike sell?
who did lbj marry?
where did kim jong il die?
what honor did agatha christie receive in 1971?
who ran against bill clinton in the presidential election?
where are kohler sinks manufactured?
what is the sacred text of daoism?
what countries speak english natively?
what did thomas hobbes do?
what counties in florida have the lowest property taxes?
who won fedex cup 2012?
what language is mainly spoken in egypt?
who played alf on tv show?
who was gerald ford vp?
what is armenian currency?
what type of art did raphael sanzio create?
what language do they speak in malta?
what religion was king louis xiv?
what football team does mike wright play for?
what did shannon hoon die from?
what did nicholas copernicus discover?
what teams has manny ramirez played for?
where do the appalachian mountains run?
when was president wilson in office?
what political party is jerry brown?
what ocean is around hawaii?
what is the most common language spoken in argentina?
what language tunisia?
what are some inventions that leonardo da vinci invented?
who wrote st trinians?
what are malaysian coins called?
what type government does mexico have?
what currency does dominican republic take?
what inspired michael jackson to become a singer?
who is the texas state senator?
what to visit in london city?
what genre of art is the mona lisa?
who does peter griffin voice?
when did tony romo got drafted?
what does anne frank died of?
what are the catholic holy days?
what language is most commonly spoken in belgium?
where did frank baum die?
where is tunis on a map?
who is nicolas cage married too?
who are the members of the supreme court 2009?
who does the voice for chucky in child's play?
what did mary wollstonecraft fight for?
what is new france?
what year did the phillies begin?
what country is dyson made?
what language does iceland speak?
what was dr seuss real name?
what did gloria steinem founded?
where to eat crawfish in beaumont?
what language they speak in scotland?
what boarding school did mark zuckerberg go to?
what are bigos?
where are ike and tina turner's children?
what are some of leonardo da vinci most famous inventions?
when did shaq come into the nba?
where do they speak turkish?
what is the zip code for walnut creek?
who will the cavaliers draft 2012?
who was the voice of darth vader in the original star wars movie?
where is english spoken around the world?
what music did louis armstrong play?
what form of currency does germany use?
where is the latin language from?
what are the top tourist attractions in rome?
who were the children of king solomon?
what did andy irons die from?
where is auburn university located?
who is tatyana ali parents?
where did leif ericson grow up?
what language do the maasai speak?
what political party was hitler in?
who is the leader of north korea today?
where do the appalachian mountains run through?
what money does spain use?
where was terry waite born?
what country did the battle of san juan hill take place?
what kind of government does the united states have currently?
when was the last time the orioles won the world series?
what did shakespeare learn in grammar school?
who did ben stiller date?
what is the most common language in norway?
what influenced william shakespeare to start writing?
where did benjamin franklin went to school?
who is the governor of arizona 2009?
what movies has spike lee made?
what did bernie mac died of?
what countries does the arctic circle run through?
where is electrolux based?
what is houston timezone?
where do italy people live?
where did russians originate?
what was shakespeare's wife called?
when did truman become president?
what did ferdinand magellan do?
when was abraham lincoln declared president?
where do burmese cats originate from?
who played kirk?
where is mt st helens located?
what county is st paul minnesota in?
who was king henry viii son?
who does david beckham play for?
who won the battle of gettysburg?
where was franz ferdinand from?
what was benedict arnold most famous for?
who plays lex luthor on smallville?
what are dallas cowboys colors?
what does bentley mean?
what is the currency of the czech republic?
when was the last time the la kings won a playoff series?
where did spencer pratt go to school?
what disease did abraham lincoln had?
who is vancouver canucks coach?
where did cs lewis wrote?
what is carlos pena jr nationality?
what did thomas jefferson do before he became president?
what language do the cheyenne speak?
who was married to jane wyman?
who played mickey in the rocky movies?
what language does peru speak?
what are some good books like looking for alaska?
where is english spoken in the world map?
when did arsenal won the league?
what timezone is phoenix az in right now?
where is south portland?
what countries speak french as a first language?
who was ptolemy and what did he do?
what was the name of henry viii first wife?
where does the parana river flow?
what is president nixon's first name?
where did theodor schwann get his education?
who or what influenced frank lloyd wright?
what year did houston rockets win their first championship?
where do most of the people live in russia?
where is holy roman empire located?
what movies has liam hemsworth played in?
who plays nicholas newman on the young and the restless?
who is the voice of eric cartman on south park?
who is angelina jolies brother?
where is the headquarters of bank of america?
what type of government japan have?
who was king after leonidas died?
what team does josh hamilton play for?
when was the leafs last in the playoffs?
where is burundi country?
when does the world end according to the mayans time?
through which countries of the sahel does the niger river flow?
what did werner heisenberg discover?
what city does paul ryan live in?
what city is acadia university in?
what did f. scott fitzgerald do?
what countries does tomtom western europe include?
what is the national language of iran?
where did the second battle of ypres occur?
what languages do people speak in spain?
what did michael crabtree do?
where do they speak afrikaans?
what 3 states border florida?
who plays ziva david on ncis?
who ruled after king henry viii died?
what are some ancient egypt names?
who are the st louis cardinals coaches?
where is daud ibrahim?
what region is turkey considered?
what language do russians speak?
where was martin luther king jr buried?
what are the official languages of argentina?
where is the city wales?
what country does rafael nadal play for?
what is the islamic belief?
who is the prime minister of spain 2011?
who was the son of king leonidas?
who was judi dench married to?
how many languages do they speak in spain?
where are the sahara desert located?
what is rihanna mum called?
what county is san francisco?
when did president theodore roosevelt take office?
who does michael oher play for in 2010?
who or what influenced albert einstein?
where does egypt export to?
who did messi have a baby with?
where is the seat of the african union?
what was kim richards in?
what ship did darwin sail around the world?
where did christopher columbus began his journey?
what artistic style did henri rousseau work in?
what is john edwards indicted for?
where was huey newton killed?
when was the printing press invented by gutenberg?
where is midlothian scotland?
where does marta play soccer?
where is mitt romney's family from?
what are john terry's children called?
what city was michael jackson born in?
who fought in the battle of vicksburg?
which city is the oldest in pakistan?
what kind of writing is nikolai gogol famous for?
what year was first world series?
who plays simon birch?
where are the timezones in the usa?
what does gm make?
what do people speak in uk?
what do people in jamaica speak?
what position did lebron james play?
what was wayne gretzky's first team?
who is the president of peru now?
what kind of guitar did jerry garcia play?
what type of art leonardo da vinci do?
who are the senators of new jersey now?
where was rihanna raised?
what team does messi play for 2011?
who is moira in x men?
where does lil wayne go to school?
what airport is nearest to rome?
where did jrr tolkien go to school?
what state is saint louis university in?
what religion does canada follow?
what factors led to the rise of the roman empire?
which countries have spanish as their main language?
who is in paul ryan's family?
what government does iraq use?
what type of currency do they use in spain?
what did lincoln steffens wrote?
what schools did anders celsius attend?
what can do in new york?
what currency does france accept?
what type of religion did massachusetts have?
what language do they speak in colombia south america?
when was the last tsunami in the atlantic ocean?
what did martha graham train as?
what kind of government does brazil has?
what did george washington carver made?
what country did gregor mendel live in?
where laura ingalls wilder lived?
what to do in bangkok in 4 days?
what sports are popular in germany?
what's my timezone in oklahoma?
what do they speak in norway?
what does ss stand for in hitler's army?
what currency does singapore use?
what did the blackfoot indians speak?
who plays robin hood in prince of thieves?
what standard time is texas?
what city is the south rim of the grand canyon near?
where does kurdish people live?
what instrument does louis armstrong?
who does alyson stoner play in camp rock?
what religion does madonna practice?
what countries are located near egypt?
when was michael jordan at his best?
what made richard hammond famous?
who originally voiced lois griffin?
what airport do you fly into in paris?
who plays sheldon cooper mother on the big bang theory?
what rihanna new album called 2012?
where does dave ramsey live?
what does a dream deferred by langston hughes?
what discovery did galileo make?
what is the government system of saudi arabia?
what was the japanese war called?
what did nikola tesla invented that is of use today?
who plays the role of tony dinozzo on ncis?
what did jesus do for living?
what is the state name of new york city?
where is the main branch of bank of america?
who plays knox overstreet?
where did sally pearson go to primary school?
what movies did david carradine play in?
what is the stanley cup named after?
when do they change the time in california?
where is traditional chinese used?
who does portugal trade with?
what type of political system is brazil?
what language did the ancient babylonians speak?
what kind of painter was wassily kandinsky?
what form of government does the united states use?
what money does cuba use?
who is my representative in illinois house?
what timezone is sweden gmt?
what was franklin d roosevelt's job before president?
where did robert downey jr go to jail?
what degrees did barack obama get?
what does god shiva represent?
what inventions were made by ben franklin?
what is the name of the currency used in switzerland?
what year did the milwaukee brewers go to the world series?
who was vice president with bill clinton?
what songs did franz liszt compose?
where did the russian japanese war happen?
what year did the la kings win the cup?
what kind of money does egypt have?
what baseball team was jackie robinson on?
what body of water does st lawrence river flow into?
what form of government does the united states have?
what are the names of ariel's six sisters?
what voices does seth macfarlane play on family guy?
who was william mckinley married to?
who played darth vader in the first movie?
where did kevin james go to college?
what year was hitler was born?
what did canada get gold medals in?
what's there to see in atlanta?
where was auschwitz concentration camp located?
with which ancient ruler did julius caesar fall in love?
what kind of currency does dominican republic use?
what did elliot stabler do?
what is spoken in czech republic?
where was shakespeare born at?
where did scott fitzgerald go to college?
what did joan crawford died of?
where did rob kardashian go to school?
what year was allen iverson mvp?
where did harry s truman go to school?
what county is utica ny in?
what did charles babbage discover?
what are members of the house of representatives called?
who plays king julian madagascar?
who is rick scott?
where did the crimean war take place?
what offices did theodore roosevelt hold?
what movies has miley cyrus been in?
what century did slavery end in america?
who did james franco play in milk?
when did the libyan conflict start?
what city did marco polo came from?
what wnba team is diana taurasi on?
what do see in paris?
what is newcastle metro?
what other organisms did mendel use in experiments?
who made the laws in canada?
what year did adam morrison get drafted?
where michael jackson from?
what college did maya moore go to?
when was the last time the dodgers won a championship?
who is captain james cook facts?
where did robin williams get married?
what form of government does canada?
who do islamic people follow?
what kind of government does peru?
who was in the israeli palestinian conflict?
who founded the afl?
where did diego velazquez die?
what did warren buffett invest in?
what is the country code for mexico?
what currency do they use in switzerland?
what does british colony mean?
when olympic games 2012 opening ceremony?
where is president kennedy buried?
who won the michigan ohio state game 2012?
where was the prophet mohammed from?
what events lead to the battle of antietam?
what language do ukrainian people speak?
who are the judges appointed in the supreme court?
which country in europe has the largest land area?
when did kaley cuoco join charmed?
where is chris rock from?
what vegetables can i plant in november in southern california?
when was the last time the toronto maple leafs win the stanley cup?
what kind of language do egyptian speak?
what language do brazilians use?
what position did vince lombardi play?
who played stanley kowalski in a streetcar named desire movie?
who did the voice for lola bunny?
what book did charles darwin wrote in 1859?
what language do serbs speak?
what was the cause of death for laci peterson?
what team is kris humphries play for?
what was the government like in virginia colony?
what movies gerard butler has been in?
where did john franklin live?
what language do bosnian muslims speak?
what was tycho brahe theory?
what was the last movie sean connery was in?
what team did drogba play for?
where did crabtree go to college?
where does freddie ljungberg come from?
who is number 22 on miami dolphins?
where is staten island ferry?
what state did john adams live in?
what type of music did vivaldi compose?
what college did john nash teach at?
who were jesus siblings?
what team does mike fisher play for?
what films has daniel craig been in?
what materials did eduardo paolozzi use in his work?
what did joe biden study in college?
who did marilyn monroe marry at 16?
who plays timon's voice in the lion king?
what part of the country is ohio in?
which island is kailua on?
what language do speak in argentina?
what did whoopi goldberg won a grammy for?
what is modern day judah?
who played maggie in himym?
who does owen schmitt play for?
what party was thomas jefferson affiliated with?
what religions are popular in france?
who played berger in sex and the city?
who won the 2000 fa cup final?
what are the names of michael jackson's kids?
what movies have robert pattinson in them?
what the time zone in japan?
who plays bob kelso in scrubs?
what race is vanessa carlton?
what do people in czech republic speak?
which countries speak arabic language?
where does tim cook work?
what degrees does romney have?
where is bob marley buried?
what is london uk time zone?
where to stay in chicago tourist?
what type of breast cancer did sheryl crow have?
what type of government does argentina have today?
where does fabio capello come from?
what party was abe lincoln part of?
what did jack london do for a living?
who did morgan freeman marry?
what are the mountains in northern italy called?
what influenced john steinbeck to start writing?
where is dwayne johnson ethnicity?
where are the nato headquarters located?
in which state was the battle of antietam fought?
which ocean does the zambezi river flow into?
what are the 7 sacraments of the catholic church?
what team did david beckham play for before la galaxy?
who is the current leader of france 2010?
where was the palace of knossos located?
where is roswell area 51?
when was father chris riley born?